
Preface

*A Fistful of Cicadas*
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own <http://archiveofourown.org/
> at http://archiveofourown.org/works/35043070 <http://
archiveofourown.org/works/35043070>.

Rating:
    Mature <http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Mature>
Archive Warning:
    Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings <http://
    archiveofourown.org/tags/Choose%20Not%20To%20Use%20Archive%20Warnings>
Category:
    F/F <http://archiveofourown.org/tags/F*s*F>
Fandom:
    Parahumans Series - Wildbow <http://archiveofourown.org/tags/
    Parahumans%20Series%20-%20Wildbow>
Relationship:
    Taylor Hebert | Skitter | Weaver/Lisa Wilbourn | Tattletale <http://
    archiveofourown.org/tags/
    Taylor%20Hebert%20%7C%20Skitter%20%7C%20Weaver*s*Lisa%20Wilbourn%20%7C%20Tattletale>
Characters:
    Taylor Hebert | Skitter | Weaver <http://archiveofourown.org/tags/
    Taylor%20Hebert%20%7C%20Skitter%20%7C%20Weaver>, Lisa Wilbourn |
    Tattletale <http://archiveofourown.org/tags/
    Lisa%20Wilbourn%20%7C%20Tattletale>, Brian Laborn | Grue <http://
    archiveofourown.org/tags/Brian%20Laborn%20%7C%20Grue>, Rachel Lindt
    | Bitch | Hellhound <http://archiveofourown.org/tags/
    Rachel%20Lindt%20%7C%20Bitch%20%7C%20Hellhound>, Alec | Regent
    <http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Alec%20%7C%20Regent>
Additional Tags:
    Useless Lesbians <http://archiveofourown.org/tags/
    Useless%20Lesbians>, Villain by Choice <http://archiveofourown.org/
    tags/Villain%20by%20Choice>, be gay do crime <http://
    archiveofourown.org/tags/be%20gay%20do%20crime>, Complete <http://
    archiveofourown.org/tags/Complete>
Language:
    English
Collections:
    All the Best to my tastes <http://archiveofourown.org/collections/
    My_Collection_of_Fics>, DerangedDeceiver's Favorite Fics <http://
    archiveofourown.org/collections/DerangedDeceiverFaves>, Sapphic Worm
    Fics <http://archiveofourown.org/collections/sapphic_worm_fics>
Stats:
    Published: 2021-11-10 Completed: 2023-02-13 Words: 57,152 Chapters:
    52/52 


  A Fistful of Cicadas

by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/pseuds/
Pendragoon>, Slider (TemporalKnight) <http://archiveofourown.org/users/
TemporalKnight/pseuds/Slider>

Summary

    Turns out, Taylor has a thing for blondes with freckles so she joins
    the Undersiders without ever meeting Armsmaster. Smugbug ensues.

Notes

    Started this as a fun side project, figured I'd toss up what I have
    so far and see what people think.


    Chapter 1

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

    Chapter edited by GreyRaven

It had been a fool’s errand, attacking Lung like I had was the very
definition of the word stupid, but somehow everything worked out. I was
alive, against all odds I had survived a fight with Lung. Of course, I’d
had some help near the end, four people atop three giant monsters had
helped take Lung down. 

The big guy in motorcycle leathers and a helmet with a skull on it was
Grue, the foppish guy was Regent, he referred to the gruff girl in a dog
mask as a bitch for some reason but my eyes were firmly locked on the
blonde girl with windswept hair. Her skintight bodysuit was primarily
black with what looked to be purple accents that were difficult to make
out in the dim lighting, but it hugged her in a way that left little to
the imagination. I found myself forcing down a swallow as my eyes met
hers through her domino mask. 

She smiled and even in the dark it was radiant. “Tattletale.” She said,
cutting off tall dark and Gruesome’s introductions. 

He seemed annoyed with her, but continued on regardless. They were the
Undersiders, a small time group that specialized in hit and run
robberies. I was welcomed as a fellow villain and I almost corrected
him, but under Tattletale’s attention, I just couldn’t find the desire
to do so. 

“Hey, are you alright?” Grue asked with what sounded like genuine
concern. “If you were hurt…” 

“She’s not hurt.” Tattletale cut in. “She’s just shy.” 

She smiled that wonderful smile once more and I could have sworn she
winked at me. I could feel the blush creeping up my cheeks when she spun
on her heels, looking off into the distance. 

“Time to scram!” 

The one Grue had referred to as a bitch let out a series of sharp
whistles and the creatures that had attacked Lung returned to her side,
looking every bit as though they were out of a nightmare. Grue and the
bitchy girl each hopped up on a seperate creature while Tattletale
pushed the ren fair reject away and towards Grue. She claimed the third
creature for herself and spurred it towards me. 

“Need a lift?” Tattletale asked me while flashing a winning smile that
sent my heart aflutter while offering her gloved hand. “White hats are
on their way and they don’t tend to hesitate to fight us villains.” 

There was that tiny voice in the back of my mind that urged me to
correct her, to shout to the world that I was a hero. That voice was
lost in Tattletale’s magnificent smile when I took her offered hand and
was pulled up onto the monstrous beast and took my place behind her. 

I held on tight as the creature lurched into motion, bounding across
rooftops and deeper into the docks. My grip on Tattlelate was like a
vice to avoid falling to my death, that was honestly the only reason, I
swear! 

After an exhilarating, yet all too short journey through the darkness
cloaking us, we stopped in an alley. Everyone dismounted, with
Tattletale helping me down first, and I reluctantly let go of her hand.
She gracefully joined me a moment later as Grue retrieved a duffel bag
from behind a dumpster. 

Clothing was passed to Regent and a bundle tossed to Tattletale. I froze
when I saw that Grue had taken his helmet off and Regent tossed his mask
into the duffel bag. They were putting on the clothes over their
costumes where they could. 

“Can’t exactly walk back to our hideout in costume, it would give the
game away.” Tattletale said as she pulled her mask away. “I’m Lisa by
the way.” 

I tried to look anywhere but the adorable freckles spread across her
face, I truly did try, but my eyes kept returning to them. I could see
now that I never stood a chance against her, and apparently I had a
glaring weakness for blondes with freckles. I reached up and removed my
own mask, shaking my hair free as I did. The final nail in my coffin,
she had vibrant, bottle green eyes shimmering in the moonlight. 

“Taylor.” I answered, trying to keep the panic out of my voice. “I
haven’t picked a cape name yet.” 

“Definitely want to get on that before the PRT sticks you with something
embarrassing.” Lisa said. 

“Like Chubster.” The ren fair reject said. 

“Or Regent.” Lisa countered with a smirk. 

“Fuck you, Lisa.” 

“You just wish I would.” She said with a dismissive laugh. “Anyway,
Taylor, wanna join us back at base or would you rather skitter on home?” 

“Oh, we should totally call her Skitter!” Regent exclaimed. “Helps hide
how pants-shittingly terrifying you truly are, dragon slayer.” 

“Lay off her Regent.” Lisa said as she looked me over. “You can’t join
us because you snuck out, and explaining why you aren’t there in the
morning would be problematic.” 

“How did you-?” 

“I’m psychic.” Lisa said, tapping her temple. She then pulled out a
notepad and hastily wrote something on it and tore the page loose.
“Here’s my number, give me a call if you ever want to hang out.” Sure
enough, there was a number written on the page, along with Lisa Wilbourn
and I couldn’t help the blush that spread as I saw the stylized heart
that dotted her ‘i’s. 

“Yeah, I’ll do that.” I said awkwardly. 

Had a supervillain just asked me out on a date? Her grin grew wider and
heat bloomed across my cheeks when I remembered how she had described
her powers. 

“It’s a date then!” Yep, she was definitely messing with me. “Be safe
going home, you never know what dastardly villains might be lurking the
streets at night.” 

With a wink she rejoined her team, all of them now in nondescript, yet
baggy sweats that hid the remnants of their costumes. I watched the
group saunter off with their now normal sized dogs in tow, leaving me
alone in the alley. 

Replacing my mask, I turned and set off for home, only stopping to grab
my own hidden bag and slipped sweats over my own costume and hid the
mask away. I fished my glasses out of the side pocket and put them on,
thankful that the world was back in focus. Silently I lamented that I
hadn’t gotten a glimpse of Lisa’s eyes through them. 

Arriving home, I slipped in through the kitchen door and made myself a
snack in the event Dad happened to be awake. Once I had my PB&J, I crept
up the stairs, skipping the ones that I knew squeaked. When I was back
in my room I locked the door behind me and shed my costume, wincing at
the burnt smell and wishing I could take a shower. Instead I ate my
sandwich and changed into my pajamas, then crawled into bed where I just
stared blankly up at the ceiling. 

Even as exhausted as I was, sleep wasn’t coming easily. My mind kept
returning to green eyes and criminally adorable freckles. I reached over
to my nightstand and picked up the paper Lisa had given me, my fingers
running along her script, tracing the hearts she had drawn. 

“She’s hot… Why did she have to be hot?”


    Chapter 2

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor wakes up and comes to a decision.

Chapter Notes

    Chapter edited by GreyRaven

I awoke with a groan, my injuries leaving me sore as I fumbled for my
glasses but found paper instead. I sat up with a jolt, pain lancing
through me, but I didn't care. It hadn’t been a dream, I had faced Lung,
beaten him with the help of villains, and gotten one of their phone
numbers. I wasn’t quite sure how I felt about that now that the morning
sun was shining its light. 

I hadn’t set my usual alarm since I had been out so late and needed all
the sleep I could get before school, which felt like it was a completely
different world after what had happened last night. School. I would be
going back to that hell, to face Sophia, and Emma and all their bullshit. 

Worst of all, I wouldn’t even be able to fall back on the knowledge that
I was a hero. Sure, I had stopped Lung, but I’d sided with villains to
do so. I’d thrown my lot in with them, all but ensured that the world at
large would see me as one of them.

So be it. 

I picked up the paper that Lisa had given me and set off downstairs and
into the kitchen where Dad was reading the paper and sipping on coffee.
I poured myself a cup and readied some toast. Some butter and jelly was
added and I had my breakfast, simple as it was. I took a seat across
from him and ate my breakfast in silence. 

“I heard you come in late last night.” Dad said after I finished my last
bite of toast. 

“Trouble sleeping.” I answered automatically. “Needed some fresh air.” 

I finished my coffee as dad searched for the words he wanted to say. “I
take it school is still a problem?” 

That surprised me, normally dad avoided the topic as much as I did. “You
could say that… I wish I didn’t have to go today.” 

“I could call out for you, if you want? Take the day off with you.” 

“I… I don’t know, can I make a phone call first?” 

Dad gave me a puzzled look. “Got someone you’d rather spend the day with
than your old man?” 

“Maybe.” I said before I really considered it. “I mean, uh… I only met
her recently, I’m not sure if she’ll want to hang out or not.” 

“Shouldn’t this person also be in school?” 

“Probably? I’m not entirely sure, she’s… Not a friend, not yet, but I
hope she will be?” 

“Oh? Is there something you want to tell me about this girl?” Dad’s
smile was like a knife, a sparkle in his eye, a stab through my heart. 

“Dad!” I stood up, trying to hide my burning face. 

He laughed. “Go make your call, if you decide you want to go visit her
I’ll call the school for you.” 

I didn’t trust my words and retreated with none of my dignity intact if
the grin on dad’s face was any indication. When I reached the phone I
hesitated for only a moment before dialing the number Lisa had given me.
She answered on the third ring. 

“Mwaaa, too early.” A lovely voice answered. “Who? Bug girl?” 

“Yeah. I didn’t wake you, did I?” 

“Kinda, but I don’t mind too much, just don’t make a habit of it. Some
of us are nocturnal.” 

“Fair enough.” I said with a chuckle. “Anyway, dad offered to let me
play hooky and I was wondering if you wanted to hang out today?” 

“Yeah, I could do that, meet me on the Boardwalk in… an hour?” I could
hear the sound of ruffling fabric and muttered curses and an idea came
to mind. 

“It’s a date.” I said with a sly grin. “See you there Lisa.” 

“Oh, someone’s not shy today. See ya.” 

I hung up the phone, a grin still spread across my face and turned, only
to see dad standing a short distance away with his own wide grin to
match mine. I wilted almost immediately. 

“A date, huh?” His smile grew as wide as Lisa’s had been. “I take it I
should make that phone call then?” 

I nodded, swallowing the lump in my throat. “I’m just going to get ready.” 

“Want me to drop you off on the way to work?” Dad yelled up the stairs
as I grabbed my costume and shoved it into my backpack after taking out
what school books I had that weren’t ruined. 

“Sure!” I yelled back and took a look at my mask. 

It really did scream villain, didn’t it? Was I actually going to go
through with this? Throw my lot in with villains just because a cute one
had been nice to me? Regent had joked and called me Skitter, could I own
that? Make it a name to be feared? 

I packed the mask away and stuffed a jacket atop everything in the event
someone had the bright idea to peek, then called on a few of the widows
I kept in my room as security and set them inside the bag as well. 

I had a villain to seduce meet.


    Chapter 3

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor makes a poor life decision because of a cute girl.

Chapter Notes

    Chapter edited by GreyRaven

The drive was uneventful, and aside from a few knowing looks and the
occasional smirk from dad, he let me be. After dropping me off a few
blocks away from the Boardwalk proper he wished me luck before heading
off towards the Dockworker’s Association and I regathered my nerves. 

There weren’t many people out and about, but the enforcers stopped
eyeing me after I bought a coffee from one of the local shops. I decided
to take a seat at a table where I had a good sightline on the main
stretch and set my bugs to search for anything of note they could find. 

It didn’t take them long to spot Lisa approaching and I sent a single
wasp to fly in a simple pattern past her, then guided her right to me.
Unlike the previous night, her hair was done up in a very professional
looking braid, a tidy blouse and skirt with stockings that made me
realise a few new things about myself. More so, I wouldn’t have
recognized her if she hadn’t unmasked the prior night, dressed as she
was, she cut a very different, yet equally appealing figure. 

“Hey Taylor.” Lisa said with a dazzling smile as she took a seat across
from me. “I’m glad you took me up on my offer, I wasn't quite sure you
would.” 

“Why not?” I asked, feeling a bit puzzled. 

“Before we get into the heavy stuff.” Lisa said, pulling out an
Alexandria lunchbox from her backpack. “I have a thank you from all of
us, it’s yours regardless of if you join or not. Two grand in cash.” 

Lisa slid the lunchbox over to me and I had to resist the urge to peek
inside and quickly hid it away in my backpack before too many people
thought to ask themselves why teens were passing around a kid’s
lunchbox. “So, you’re open to me joining the team?” 

“Alright, band-aid rip before you get in too deep.” Lisa said, taking a
breath. “We are very grateful for your help, but I honestly didn’t
expect you to do a complete one eighty on your morals just because I
smiled and winked. Much as I want to continue to exploit that to get you
on the team, it would just lead to problems down the road. You want to
be a hero, that’s why you were out there, that’s why you fought Lung, to
do something heroic. Yet, here you are, meeting a villain at ass a.m.,
with the intention of joining her team just because she was nice to you.
Are you sure this is what you want to do with yourself?” 

I was taken aback. I honestly didn’t expect such an honest info dump
from a villain. More so, once again she seemed to just know things about
me that made me slightly uncomfortable with the entire situation. Even so… 

“I’ve made up my mind. I’m not joining the Wards, aside from the teen
drama that I get enough of at school, I just don’t trust the people in
charge to do their jobs. Honestly? Being a villain sounds like a pretty
nice gig in comparison. Probably pays better too.” I looked her dead in
the eye and grinned. “The eye candy’s not too bad either.” 

“Damn, when you decide to not be shy about things, you really go all
in.” Lisa said, an adorable blush forming on her cheeks. “Okay, so
you’re still interested in joining. That two grand I gave you is what we
get as a retainer from our boss to be available for any jobs he might
have, jobs which pay far better than that. I’m sure you heard about the
casino robbery we did a few weeks ago? Our take was almost two hundred
thousand, after bonuses from the boss, split four ways.” 

My jaw felt like it hit the table. “Even split five ways, that would be
more than dad makes in a year.” 

“Yeah, high risk, but really high reward for this lifestyle. You saw the
risk when you saved our lives last night. Villains play a lot rougher
with each other than they tend to with the heroes. Mortality rates for
the villain side are considerably higher than it is for the Wards. On
the other hand, you can go all out with your power and not worry about
the bad PR that a swarm of bees might bring with it. The Wards would
probably try to make you fight with butterflies or something equally
stupid.” 

“I’d probably walk away if they ever tried that.” I said with a laugh.
“Could you imagine me trying to bring a villain down by swarming them
with cute little butterflies? I’d be a joke.” 

“Hey, maybe you would make Hookwolf laugh himself to death, stranger
things have happened.” Lisa’s grin fell away. “We try to avoid it, but
if it comes down to a fight with bastards like that, you’d be fighting
for your life, so don’t hold anything back, alright?” 

“I didn’t against Lung.” 

“No, you really didn’t.” Lisa said as her grin returned. “You better
hope he never escapes though, because when Armsmaster took him in last
night, he didn’t make sure he was treated for the spider venom, and holy
hell did you dose him.” 

I felt my face pale. “Oh no… and I had them bite his-” 

“Yeah, one could say you revoked his man card.” Lisa was laughing but I
was just mortified.

I didn’t really feel bad about it, but just the idea of doing that…
“It’ll grow back, right? He’s a regenerator.” 

“Oh sure, in about six months if they manage to keep him in custody, a
week or two if someone busts him out.” Lisa sighed. “And with this being
Brockton Bay, the latter is far more likely.” 

“Sounds like I’m making a good career choice if it's that easy to escape.” 

“Unless you become someone important in a major gang they would be more
likely to press you into the Wards when captured, like they did to
Shadow Stalker.” Lisa paused. “Well, since I can’t deter you from making
poor life choices, I suppose I should take you to our evil lair and
introduce you to the gang.”


    Chapter 4

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor meets the team.

Their lair ended up being in some sort of old welding plant a bit into
the docks, looking fully the part of a condemned building that some of
the homeless might have commandeered. It was unassuming, the perfect
place for a small-time gang to set up their lair. 

Lisa led me inside where I was greeted by an amazing space of derelict
machinery absolutely covered in spiderwebs, and I could just feel the
bugs everywhere. I could do so much to this unused space without even
lifting my own fingers. Was I drooling? I’m pretty sure I was drooling. 

“Calm down girl, we can loop back around to that later.” Lisa said while
shaking her head, but I saw the fond smile on her lips. Lips that just
looked oh so soft and… “And /that /will need a completely different
conversation. Let’s get you introduced to the team first before you
dehydrate.” 

I knew my cheeks were now crimson, but followed her over to a set of
stairs in the corner. Already I was sorting through the bugs in the
background, setting the process to autopilot on several simple tasks.
When we reached the top I was floored by the sharp dissonance between
the two areas. This was a well furnished and frankly amazing living
area, with the biggest TV I had ever seen dominating the living room,
several couches that looked comfortable as hell, a fully furnished
kitchenette that I couldn’t wait to cook in and a hallway leading to
several rooms down the way. 

Two people were sitting on the couch, but had stood when Lisa announced
our presence. The tall one could only be Grue, he was wearing a skin
tight tank top that showed off sculpted muscles that were just damn. I’d
definitely be asking him for advice, because my scrawny ass could use
it. Running only accomplished so much after all and I had a villainess
to impress. The shorter one was an exercise in contrasts, he was short
and feminine in a way, but had that pretty boy charm in spades, a shame
it didn’t extend to his eyes, which lacked any sort of spark. 

“Welcome to our glorious lair!” Regent shouted, throwing his arms up in
a grand gesture. “I’m Alec and the beefcake is Brian.” 

“I can introduce myself, thank you.” Brian said while rolling his eyes
and extended a hand. “Nice to have you on the team Taylor, I look
forward to working with you.” 

I took his hand, and damn, he had a really firm grip. “Same. So, Lisa
gave me the general rundown of the job, anything she might have glossed
over?” 

Lisa leveled a glare at me so I stuck out my tongue. I could tell she
wanted to make a quip about that but she must have known my rebuttal
already, because she turned a delightful shade of pink and pouted, and I
melted at just how adorable she was. 

 “Well, Rachel objected to you joining. She cast the only dissenting
vote.” Brian said. “She won’t be happy to see you here.” 

Immediately I began to call on every wasp, bee and winged bug with a
bite that fell within my range, calling them towards the lair in
preparation for a possible confrontation with giant monster dogs. Lisa
snorted beside me and gave my shoulder a reassuring squeeze. 

If I was going to join a team of villains, I needed to be ready to show
that I wasn’t a push over, and that girl had commanded monsters big
enough to ride on. I needed to be ready to defend myself if she decided
to be violent. Given how everyone kept calling her a bitch, it was best
to be safe and make her sorry. 

“We can clear out the spare room if you’d like a space to crash here.
We’re currently using it for storage but it shouldn’t take long to get
fixed up.” Lisa said, gesturing towards the row of rooms across the
loft. “You’ll need to pick up some furniture for it though.” 

“Well, no time like the present.” Brian said with a boyish smile. 

“Just share a room with Lisa.” Alec interjected. “I can tell you want to.” 

My face turned scarlet as I set a swarm of yellow jackets loose. He
screamed like a five year old girl as he ran, but none were even
stinging him. I was cackling by the time he retreated into his room and
locked the door behind him. 

“You didn’t even sting him once!” Lisa said, struggling to catch her
breath as she laughed. 

“Nope!” I proudly declared as my swarm began to circle me. “I’d rather
not risk wasting an epipen on him.” 

It was Brian’s turn to snort. “Well, this will be your room.” Right, I
guess a villain wouldn’t be overly concerned about such displays between
teammates. 

He opened the door and damn, they weren’t kidding about it being a mess.
We spent the next two hours cleaning it out. On the plus side, there was
a functional air mattress, a small table and a half dresser inside, so I
would be able to keep some stuff here and crash if needed. More
importantly, I didn’t need to keep my costume at home anymore and risk
dad finding it. I had once considered telling him when I established
myself as a hero, but that ship had sailed. I’d need to keep all my
illicit activities as far away from him as possible. 

Just as we were sitting down to eat some pizza Alec had picked up for
everyone I heard dogs barking downstairs. I’d barely managed to recall
my swarm from where I had them hiding in wait by the time they reached
the top of the stairs ahead of the bitchy girl from last night. Our eyes
locked and she scowled and let out a sharp whistle. 

Then the dogs were running right at me. 

Just as I had expected. 

They didn’t even make it half the distance before my swarm engulfed
them. I had them sting, repeatedly, but not release any venom. The dogs
yelps and whines were barely audible over the sound of thousands of
insects buzzing in unison. Maybe my power could be terrifying, because I
was kinda scaring myself. 

“Enough!” Brian yelled and the room was plunged into darkness. 

I now had bugs on everyone, so I could tell he was moving towards the
bitch, not me. He pinned her against the wall and based on the feedback
I was getting from the bugs, they weren’t in the dark like the rest of
us. Moments later the room cleared and I could see with my own eyes
again. Brian was standing over Rachel, who was up against the wall and
looking away. Her dogs had retreated, no doubt off to lick their wounds. 

That didn’t matter to me. If I was going to be a villain, I needed to
start working on my reputation, and that included what my team thought
of me. I called on every insect I could, setting the dangerous to be
sentries and my vanguard. The roaches, the flies however, I called to
me, had them cover myself except for my face and I became the swarm. 

Slowly I walked up to her, and Brian looked alarmed but took a step back
regardless. I looked down at the girl, I could still see the defiance in
her eyes. I needed to sell this, so I reached out to my swarm and had
them vibrate in time with my speech. 

“I’m only going to say this once.” I and my swarm seemed to say in
unison, god that was a chilling effect, I’d need to remember it for any
villainous speeches I gave. “Don’t fuck with me, and I won’t fuck with
you. Have my back, I’ll have yours. Got it?” 

She refused to look me in the eyes as I glared down at her so I reached
out and made her look at me. “GOT IT?” Every insect in the building
joined me for that one and I could see fear take hold for just an
instant. I’d made my point so I released her and took a step back,
dismissing the bugs back into the dark corners where people could ignore
them. 

Alec was clapping and letting out an appreciative whistle at the display
while Brian was just pinching his nose. Lisa, however, was staring at me
with wide eyes and a hanging jaw. I stepped over to her and with a
single finger, I pushed her jaw back up. “You haven’t seen anything yet,
beautiful.”


    Chapter 5

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor goes shopping

Chapter Notes

    Beta and edited by Slider

Lisa insisted I take a shower after my little display, which really
wasn’t necessary. Bugs weren’t that dirty when you had total control
over them like I did. I was tempted to pull her into a hug and tease her
a bit, but I saw the way she tensed at the thought and relented. I did
have to sting Alec once though when he suggested Lisa and I share the
shower. 

Gotta give me some time to work the Hebert magic on the girl first, buddy. 

Shortly after that Lisa told me we were going on a girl’s only shopping
trip. That Rachel was excluded was not lost on me. Now I just had to do
my best to impress my gorgeous escort. 

“Taylor, at least humor me on the clothes.” Lisa said as she once again
attempted to push a pair of jeans into my hands. “I know your self
esteem isn’t the best right now, but that doesn’t change how amazing
those legs would look in properly fitted jeans.” 

“Lisa, I’m not arguing that.” She rolled her eyes at me and stuck out
her tongue causing me to blush. “I’m arguing because they cost three
hundred dollars.” 

“Taylor, you forget what I do for a living. I made almost 100k last
month, I can afford some nice clothes for my friend.” 

“Oh.” 

My voice was weak, hell, just thinking about that much money was mind
boggling. Even weirder was knowing that a girl wanted to spend that kind
of money on me just because she thought I would look good in them. It
was a new feeling to be sure. 

“Well, since I talked you into those pants.” My mind immediately went
into the gutter and I felt my cheeks heat. “You’ve got to try them on
with this top.” She handed me a bright pink spaghetti strap top that had
to be two sizes too small. 

“This won’t even cover my stomach.” 

“That’s the idea.” Lisa said with a grin. “Now get in there and try them
on already so you can model them for me.” 

“Yes ma’am.” I answered, my cheeks no doubt crimson as I retreated into
the booth. Damn her and those adorable green eyes and that radiant smile. 

I had to fight the jeans to get them buttoned and zipped, and the top
was exactly as I feared, showing off my stomach in a way I wasn’t
comfortable with. Lisa however, wanted to see me in it, so I would do it
for her. 

When I reluctantly stepped out I heard her give me a low whistle of
appreciation, my back straightened up ever so slightly as I finally
looked at my girlfriend. “Damn girl, I knew there was a gorgeous figure
hiding under all those layers.” 

“I feel naked.” 

“Well you look amazing!” Lisa said as she circled around me. “I am so
burning your old wardrobe at the earliest opportunity. No way a badass
such as yourself should hide away like that. It should be a crime I tell
you!” Lisa draped herself over a nearby rack and leaned back… Oh, she
was swooning. Like I wasn’t already close to fainting myself as it was,
she just had to go and show off just how slender her waist was, and damn
those stockings. 

“Well, we are villains…” I said, trying to get my mind off one
particular villain who was clearly teasing me at this point. 

“True, and your Cape persona is all dark colors and full skin coverage
with a major terror factor. So, in civies you need to distance yourself
from that with bright colors and clothes that draw attention in a way
that won’t be associated with your costumed escapades. Hence this
glorious shopping trip!” 

As she said that, Lisa passed me a flannel jacket. I slipped it on
without much thought, then Lisa moved in and buttoned exactly two
buttons so that my stomach remained exposed. Once again I was
uncomfortable with just how tightly it hugged my frame. How was she
finding all these clothes that were a perfect fit so easily? She gave me
a knowing look and tapped the side of her head. Of course she was cheating. 

Even with her appreciative looks I just wanted to wilt, and apparently I
didn’t do a good enough job of hiding it because Lisa’s smile faltered
and I found myself pulled into a tight hug. 

“Whoever did this to you, I’m going to destroy them.” 

“Please don’t.” I whispered, fighting back tears. “It would just make
things worse.” 

“Taylor, I’m a Thinker.” She booped my nose. “You just leave that to me.” 

“I can handle myself.” 

Lisa sighed. “You can, but you haven’t. I’ve got a good idea of what
happened to you, the broad strokes at least and I get why you don’t want
to fight back but you need to understand that you aren’t alone in this
anymore.” 

Lisa let me continue to sob into her shoulder, marring what I now knew
was likely a shirt that cost more than my entire wardrobe at home. I
felt guilty about that. I felt even worse when the clerk came to check
on us. Lisa waived them off which proved enough of a distraction for me
to rein in my emotions and get the tears to stop. 

I hated that I was showing such vulnerability and weakness to the girl I
was crushing on, but I just couldn’t bring myself to fake a strength
that I didn’t possess when it was just the two of us. Even if I could,
she would have seen right through me. 

“I’ll get all this paid for and then we can get ice cream. Your treat.” 

I chuckled as a grin ghosted onto my lips. “That sounds nice.” 

She paid for my new outfit and I fought off the urge to freak out when I
saw the bill ring up for over a thousand dollars. Lisa just swiped a
card and we were done. That just left me with the worst part of it, she
wouldn’t let me change back into my normal clothes. 

I could feel so many eyes on me, leaving me vulnerable and exposed. I
couldn’t cover myself, or retreat into the background so instead I
landed flies on every single person in my range so I could keep track of
them. This way nobody could sneak up on us or follow without my knowing
about it. I grabbed a lone firefly and used it to mark Lisa, since she
was responsible for this new bright spot in my life. As I did so I
couldn’t help but wonder why the thought hadn’t occurred to me before,
it would be invaluable in avoiding Emma and her entourage at Winslow if
I just used my swarm to track them. 

“So, has today been as bad as you dreaded?” 

Lisa’s question pulled my attention back from my swarm and to the blonde
beauty looking back at me from her spot in line. I’d lost track of time
while I was experimenting it seemed. I gave her hand a reassuring
squeeze, she’d been holding it ever since we left the shop. 

“No… I got to spend it with you after all.” 

“Aww, flattery will get you more cute clothes.” 

I groaned, but there was a smile on my face. The day had been great and
I found myself looking forward to more like it. If this is what being a
villain was like in the off hours, I could really get used to it. 

I needed to thank dad for letting me skip, not that I was about to tell
him all of the details. 

We were almost to the counter of the ice cream truck when I spotted
them. Three girls were laughing as they walked along the boardwalk.
Madison Clements on one side, Sophia Hess on the other and Emma Barnes
in the middle. My tormentors. I felt Lisa’s hand grab my own and squeeze
tight. 

“Those are them, aren’t they?” 

I nodded. 

Lisa studied them as they approached. Almost casually she reached up and
brushed part of my hair behind an ear and snatched my glasses away and
angled me slightly away from them. 

“Tell me their names.” 

I tensed, but told her. Lisa continued to study them as they passed us
by. I nearly had a heart attack when Sophia looked right at me, but her
gaze didn’t linger, just flitting over me like another face in the
crowd. She hadn’t recognized me? They continued on and I tracked them
until they moved outside of my range. 

“Alright, I have a starting point.” Lisa said. 

“For what?” 

Her grin was anything but kind, fierce and feral and her eyes were sharp
and focused. I forced down a dry swallow and shivered because damn if
she wasn’t hot as fuck when she was in her element. 

“They broke you Tay, I intend to return the favor.”


    Chapter 6

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor and Lisa talk about important things.

Chapter Notes

    Beta and Edits by Slider

Lisa and I returned to the loft shortly after we finished our ice cream.
I had new appreciation for choosing cones, because she was apparently
quite skilled with her tongue. Not that I had been staring, not innocent
little me. 

It was after four already and everyone seemed settled in for an early
evening. Bitch made a point of not making eye contact with me from the
couch she shared with her dogs and I took that as a good sign that she
wouldn’t be causing further problems. Brian and Alec were playing some
fighting game together on the big screen though they paused it when they
noticed us. 

“Hey, enjoy your date?” Alec asked. 

He was soon swatting away all the bees, though this time he was just
laughing at them. Note to self; switch it up. Flies up his nose sounds
like a good one for the next one. 

“Since introductions are all out of the way and we don’t have any jobs
lined up, wanna order some take out and just hang out for a while?”
Brian asked. 

“I’m willing to make a pizza run.” Alec said but Lisa just pointed at
the stack of pizza boxes by the trash in the kitchen. “Or Chinese I
suppose.”

I glanced over at Lisa as she grinned and pulled a cell phone from her
pocket and held it out for me. “It’s a clean burner, with all our
current numbers already programmed in. You can keep it after you call
your dad.” 

Reluctantly I accepted the gift, knowing that if I was going to be a
villain I would have to get over my apprehensions about a lot of things.
That didn’t prevent the conflicted feelings however. As a cell phone was
partially responsible for Mom’s death, Dad and I had agreed that they
didn’t have a place in our house. Unfortunately, I needed one to keep in
contact with my team; it was probably a good general idea to have one
handy if I was going to be doing cape stuff as it was. 

Entering the number from memory, I stepped over to the kitchen and
pressed call. Dad picked up on the third ring.

“Hey kiddo, how goes the date?” 

I groaned. “Not you too dad. Lisa’s friends have been teasing us all day
about it.” 

“Friends?” Dad asked, immediately sounding defensive. Mentally I slapped
myself. 

“Yeah, they’re coworkers of hers. Brian, Alec and Rachel.” I said,
watching as they bickered over what to order. Lisa looked over and I
mouthed ‘general’ which got me a thumbs up in return. 

My eyes couldn’t help but trail down to the table where several bundles
of cash like the ones that Lisa had gifted me were stacked. Next to them
I could see the dark metal of a handgun. 

“They were wanting to know if I could stick around for supper and catch
a movie.” 

“Can you tell me a bit about them?” 

I watched as Brian put Alec into a headlock only for his arm to spasm,
thus allowing Alec his triumphant escape from the dastardly Grue. Lisa
just looked done with their antics while Rachel was applying ointment to
the stings I had inflicted on her dogs. 

“They seem like good people.” I spoke truthfully. 

“I’m glad to hear it, just don’t stay out too late because you aren’t
missing school tomorrow.” 

“Alright. Thanks again for letting me skip today, I didn’t realise how
much I needed a day just, away from it all.” 

“Well, don’t make a habit of skipping. Your education is important.” 

“I just wish Winslow wasn’t so horrid.” 

“I might have a way to help with that.” Lisa interjected loud enough
that dad could hear her. “I got my G.E.D. last year, I could help Tay
get hers if things are as bad as she’s hinted.” 

“Is that Lisa?” Dad asked as I activated the speaker function. 

“Yeah, did you want to talk to her?” 

“Not tonight, just plan to bring her by for dinner sometime this week.
How does Thursday night sound?” 

Lisa grinned. “I’ll be there.” 

“I’ll try to be home by eight, gives me a bit of a safety net with the
bus routes.” 

“Alright Taylor. Have fun, but not too much fun. I’m not quite ready to
have /that / talk with you yet.” 

“Dad!” I nearly shrieked as my cheeks flashed crimson. “It’s way too
soon for anything like that.” 

Dad was laughing but when I looked to Lisa for support or at least
mutual suffering instead I only found a guilty expression. I felt my
heart fall into my stomach only for Lisa’s eyes to widen. She shook her
head and took hold of my empty hand and squeezed tight. 

“Be safe Taylor.” Dad said. 

“See you soon, bye.” 

I ended the call and turned my full attention back to Lisa. The others
were preoccupied in the living room, hopefully this was private enough
if we kept our voices down.

“Is everything okay? I hope he didn’t make you too uncomfortable.” 

“It wasn’t that, and it isn’t anything bad… It’s just something I was
hoping to put off talking about until I had more to go on.” Lisa took a
long, and deliberate breath. “My power is all about finding people’s
darkest secrets and feeding them into my brain. It’s damn near mind
reading at times and as you can probably imagine, it can make dating
awkward.” 

“That does sound like it could lead to a horrible case of TMI.” 

“You don’t know the half of it.” Lisa said. “It doesn’t have an off
switch and it forced me to give up on the idea of a relationship because
my power always tells me how often someone washes their hands, when they
last flossed and what the most fucked up thing they’ve ever masturbated
to was.” 

At my horrified expression she shook her head. 

“Don’t even ask, I don’t want to taint you with the horrors of the dark
web. The point is, I knew you were interested from the moment you laid
eyes on me, but I also knew you desperately needed friends. The flirting
has been fun, and I keep expecting my power to supply something that is
a deal breaker, but the worst I’ve gotten so far is that you keep
staring at my ass when you think I’m not paying attention.” 

Once again my face turned crimson as she laid my secrets bare. 

“So, for once, I’m actually feeling optimistic about things. It’s still
too early to know for sure, and you are quite attractive - even if
you’ll refuse to believe that. I just don’t want to hurt you in the
event my power is a dick to me at some point.” 

I didn’t even hesitate to pull her into a tight hug. “Oh Lisa…” Her
power sounded more like a curse and I just wanted to hold her, and
comfort her and snuggle up with her in a blanket fort while we watched
movies into the night. 

She wasn’t crying as I held her, but it was a near thing. The blanket
fort ended up happening as we enjoyed the takeout from a place that
advertised itself as Lung’s favorite, which felt a bit ironic after my
encounter with him last night. Probably why Alec had picked it to be
honest. We picked Princess Bride for the movie and settled in for snuggles. 

As we ate everyone began to tell me some of the better stories of their
exploits, good and bad. Some of the stories left me cackling, like the
time Tattletale convinced the Wards that letting her escape was actually
the smart thing to do, because nobody thought to tell them the golden
rule of Thinkers. 

Don’t let them talk. 

Learning that Shadow Stalker had almost killed Grue with a lethal
crossbow bolt several months after she joined the Wards just reinforced
my distrust of the government led capes and made me even more thankful
that I hadn’t joined them or even spoken to them for that matter. 

I could just imagine that dealing with their drama would be no better
than some of the stuff the trio subjected me to on the regular. 

Shit. I had school tomorrow.

That was all it took to plummet my mood into the toilet. 

Lisa held me tighter under the blankets, but it was Brian who spoke up
and asked what was bothering me. So, I gave them some of the details,
not everything, but enough to get a picture of what I dealt with and why
I hadn’t done anything to them. That was when Alec scoffed and he gave
me the beginnings of a dastardly yet brilliant idea that had me suddenly
looking forward to the day to come. 

Until then, however, I had a cute blonde to snuggle.


    Chapter 7

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor misses her bus.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, GreyRaven and FirstSelector. Edits provided by
    Slider and GreyRaven.

I awoke to something gently nudging my shoulder. I groaned and rolled
over, clutching the warmth of the blanket even tighter around me. I
vaguely heard something akin to laughter through the fog, then the
warmth was snatched away and replaced by cloying coldness. I let out a
piercing shriek as I fell to the floor. My feet were still on the couch
but my back was firmly on the floor as I looked up upon an unfamiliar
ceiling and amused, dazzling green eyes. 

“Good morning, sleeping beauty.” Lisa said with a grin, holding up a
brown bag. “I picked up breakfast!” 

The dregs of sleep fled immediately and I shot upright. Lisa stepped
back with perfect timing to avoid our foreheads smacking together. 

“Shit, dad’s gonna kill me! Hell, he’s probably reported me missing!” 

“Tay, chill.” Lisa said, grabbing my shoulders and sitting me back down
on the couch. “I called him last night shortly after you passed out. At
first he wanted me to wake you and make sure you got on the bus home… I
may have abused my powers a bit to convince him it was safer for you to
stay. You should probably call him though.” 

I fumbled for the phone Lisa had given me, thankful I’d changed back
into my sweats before we settled in for movies and cuddled up under the
blanket fort. When I found it I dialed our home number after double
checking the time, 6:47am, he should be out of the shower and getting
the paper about now. 

“Is that you Taylor?” 

“Yeah, Lisa woke me up a few minutes ago. Apparently I passed out on her
couch in the middle of…” 

“You were dozing before the end of /Princess Bride / , but you were out
cold barely ten minutes into /Ferris Bueller's Day Off /.” 

“What Lisa said, though I don’t remember starting /Bueller’s / at all.” 

Dad hummed in thought. “Will you have time to make it home before you
have to be at school?” 

I did the mental math. “If I jog home, I should have plenty of time.
It’s faster than the bus regardless, with all the stops involved.” 

“Alright, do try to avoid falling victim to cuddles this time, I would
hate to have to fight Lisa for custody.” 

“We can timeshare!” Lisa treacherously added. 

“I shall endeavor to do the utmost to avoid captivity at the hands of
the most villainous of fiends, Mistress Cuddles.” 

“If anyone is going to be calling someone Mistress…” Lisa began and I
gently elbowed her which set my dad to coughing though I could tell it
was to hide his laughter. 

“I trust you’ll escape her clutches and return to me safely.” Dad said.
“See you soon Taylor. I love you.” 

“Love you too, dad. Bye.” 

I put the phone back in my pocket and saw that Lisa was watching me with
a fond smile that refused to reach her eyes, which looked forlorn. I
stood up and pulled her into a hug that made her let out the most
adorable squeak of surprise, but she was quick to return my embrace. 

“Come on Tay, I got you donuts so you could take them to go. You should
hurry before you run out of time and miss the school bus. You have a
busy day planned.” 

I broke away from the hug and gave her hands one last squeeze before I
set to getting my shoes back on. When I stood back up Lisa handed me a
worn backpack that wasn’t too dissimilar from the one the trio had
ruined last week. 

“Your new clothes are in there as are the donuts and a thermos with the
coffee I picked up for you so it wouldn’t spill.” 

“Thanks Lisa…” I couldn’t help but fidget and fumble over my words as I
debated if it was too soon to be kissing her goodbye. It was far too
soon for a kiss on the lips, but the cheek should have been perfectly
acceptable, right? 

As I deliberated with myself Lisa rolled her eyes, leaned in, and
lightly brushed her lips against my cheek. My mind promptly blue
screened and the world froze in place around me for an instant. 

As she pulled away Lisa booped my nose. “Tay, you’re adorable but you’re
gonna be late.” 

I sputtered for all of a second before I found my spine and returned the
favor before retreating out the door with all haste. 

The jog home was made slightly more difficult by the added weight of the
backpack, but I made good time thanks to the newfound motivation I had
in my life. I may have become a villain, but I had friends and perhaps…
Perhaps something more. 

When I reached home I skipped the broken step and unlocked the door. 

“Dad, I’m home!” I called out as I shed the backpack and fished out the
bag containing breakfast. I didn’t want my dad to see the new clothes
and start asking questions. I’d have to introduce him to it slowly and I
didn’t want to have to answer any awkward questions about how I could
afford such nice clothes. 

I tossed the bag aside and carried the donuts and thermos into the
kitchen where dad was reading the paper, or rather, pretending to. When
he saw me, I watched a snarky grin form and felt a sense of impending doom. 

“Looks like someone had a good time.” 

At my puzzled expression he tapped his cheek, right where Lisa had
kissed my own and I froze. 

“You got a little something right there.” 

“Dammit Lisa!” 

I tossed the bag onto the table and set the thermos down before
retreating to the bathroom to check myself in the mirror. Sure enough I
had the faintest trace of lip prints on my cheek in a shade that would
only stand out under certain lighting conditions, which my house
certainly possessed. Damn thinkers. 

After taking care of Lisa’s… mark, I returned to the kitchen where I
found dad frowning over the pastries Lisa had picked up. There was
enough for the both of us so I wasn’t sure why he was… 

“Taylor, how did you afford all this? This place charges out the ass for
everything.” 

“Lisa picked it up while I was asleep.” I answered truthfully. “Her
place isn’t far from the boardwalk and I didn’t have much time to
interrogate her over her breakfast selections.” 

Dad sighed and set the bag down. “Taylor, I hate to be paranoid, but is
it possible she’s trying to recruit you for one of the gangs?” 

In the distance all of my bugs were freaking the fuck out while I
remained perfectly calm. 

“Well, Lisa is too clean to be a merchant, not asian enough for Lung
and…” I tapped my cheek. “Too gay for the Empire so I think I’m safe?” 

“No, definitely not Empire.” Dad agreed. “Sorry, I guess I’m getting
paranoid in my old age.” 

Mentally, I breathed a sigh of relief. 

“So, you like girls?” Dad asked. I nodded, not trusting myself to be
able to articulate myself believably at the moment. He took his seat at
the table and picked up one of the pastries. “Why don’t you tell me
about her then? I want to hear all about my little girl’s crush.” 

I blushed but began to tell him all about her, describing her gorgeous
green eyes, the adorable freckles across her nose and that luxurious
blonde hair. I gushed about her sense of style and how she was wanting
to help me update my wardrobe. Dad didn’t seem to mind the idea if the
smile on his face was any indication. 

I told him about her brilliant mind that ran circles around everyone
else and how confident she was in everything she did. Before I knew it
breakfast was consumed and I’d missed the bus anyway. Dad told me to
grab a quick shower and offered to drop me off on the way to work so I
wouldn’t be late. 

Soon I would be back at Winslow, and while I wouldn’t be returning as a
hero like I originally intended, I wasn’t coming back empty handed. I
would return bearing nefarious plans to enact. 

Soon, the tormentors would become the tormented. Which sounded really
bad now that I actually thought it. Eh, practice makes perfect. I’d be
getting plenty of it soon enough.

I couldn’t wait.


    Chapter 8

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor takes notes from Carrie.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, GreyRaven and FirstSelector. Edits provided by
    Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes8>

Winslow continued to be a wretched hive of scum and villainy, but it
would soon be this villain’s scummy hive. For the first time I had my
bugs hard at work. Yellow jackets were digging to establish new nests by
the track field, roaches gathered in the ceilings and flies tracked
every student in the school while ferrying, ah hem, /special /
passengers to those deserving. 

I now knew where the trio were at all times, as well as their pathetic
followers. Home room was uneventful but I shared a class with Madison
for my second period. As Mr. Glady droned on, I was busy ensuring the
first stage of my glorious revenge would go off without a hitch. 

Lice were being collected from several of the wannabe Merchants, and as
disgusting as it was, a few of them also had crabs. Those too were
gathered. Emma’s entire inner circle had lice before homeroom let out.
If the school decided to test everyone they would also find lice in my
own hair, ensuring I didn’t stand out if someone got suspicious after
stage two of my dastardly plans. 

Emma and Sophia were getting special treatment. I had flies land on them
bearing crabs and sent them to their new homes. Alec had made the joke,
and had I been more heroically inclined, I might have balked at the
idea, but fuck 'em. Let’s see how they liked that rumor once it started
getting around. 

About five minutes before the bell I felt the usual suspects begin to
make their moves. Emma and Sophia were leaving their classes early, as
were a few of the others in their little circles. They now had /all /the
lice so tracking them was easy. 

They set up right outside Glady’s classroom and waited for the bell. It
was time to enact stage two of my glorious revenge. I was going to take
full advantage of Winslow’s reputation as a shithole. 

As the bell rang I took a moment to check my phone. Lisa was settled in
for a nap shortly after I left, but she was up now. If everything went
according to plan, I’d be visiting her soon. 

I grabbed my backpack, which was securely zipped and ready for my trip
back to the loft and stepped outside the classroom. 

“Nobody likes her. Nobody wants her here,” Julia said, but I was barely
paying attention. 

In the ceilings above us, I had my swarm hard at work. The insults were
petty, more of the usual that I had endured for over a year at this
point. Now that I was the villain that had defeated Lung, now that I was
Skitter, it all felt… juvenile. 

The byplay continued for several minutes as I just endured it. Glady
stepped out just in time to hear one of the girls say I should kill
myself. I don’t know why I expected him to do something about that, but
I shouldn’t have been surprised when he just walked away. To hell with
him. Just for that I sent some of the spare crab bearing flies after him. 

“What’s the matter, Taylor?” Emma said, “You look upset.” 

Emma had stepped forward at that point, but the others were close enough
now, packed just tight enough to all be caught in my trap. It was time. 

It all came down to one simple fact that I hadn’t really considered back
when I still planned to be a hero, but now that I was dead set on
villainy? You see, there was something Emma and Sophia had that I
didn’t, they had seen to it after all. Something they had in spades to
lose, but I had nothing left to do the same. 

Reputation. 

Emma Barnes was one of the most popular girls in the school, she had it
all. She was friends with all the popular girls, all the boys lusted
after her, and she even did amateur modeling at times. She cared about
what others thought of themselves in a way I simply didn't. 

Sophia Hess, Madison Clements, they were no different. They were popular
in a way I never would be, not as Taylor Hebert. It was all thanks to
them that this would work. 

Taylor Hebert had a reputation of course, but the difference was simple,
mine had been ruined so completely that nothing could make it worse, not
after the locker. This wouldn’t even come close, humiliating as it would
be. I could take it because they had pushed me so far down, it was time
I dragged them down with me. 

They would be the talk of the school after this, especially with this
large of an audience. 

Truly they orchestrated their own demise. 

“So upset you’re going to cry…” Her words were cut off by the drop down
ceiling falling apart above us, raining debris atop our entire cluster,
along with over a hundred roaches and their droppings. 

Their screams were glorious. 

I ordered the roaches to retreat for the dark, the gaps in their
clothing, to burrow deep for shelter. Shirts, skirts, bras, underwear,
whatever they could work their way into. 

Even as I directed the chaos of hundreds of bugs in motion, I too was
screaming along with them, brushing frantically to remove roaches from
my arms, squirming as they crawled down my shirt. I was just another
victim after all. 

After scant moments I saw my chance. Emma was off balance, so I ran,
shoving her aside and shoulder checking my way past Sophia as tears
streamed down my face. Gnats in my eyes hurt like a bitch, but they
produced the desired effect on demand. I continued that dance all the
way out one of Winslow’s many emergency exits. 

My distress continued until I was certain nobody had followed me. The
trio were still in that hall, now on the edge of my senses. The roaches
still on me dropped away as I cut through the areas on the outskirts
where used needles were more common than dirt and made for a bus stop
that I knew had a route straight to the docks. 

Once I was seated at the stop I pulled out my phone and called Lisa. 

“Hey Tay!” I could practically hear her grin. “How’d your day go?” 

My own smile mirrored the one I could just picture her sporting. 

“Just as planned.”

Chapter End Notes

    You have no idea how much I enjoyed writing this scene.


    Chapter 9

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor helps plan a Bank Robbery

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, GreyRaven and FirstSelector. Edits provided by
    Slider and GreyRaven.

Lisa just pointed back towards the shower as soon as I arrived. I rolled
my eyes but didn’t argue. When I got out of the shower I found Lisa had
locked herself in her room. I did my best to not be disappointed at
that. Brian said something about a call from the boss while I settled in
to watch him spar with Alec. 

Alec wasn’t very good at it, making several glaring mistakes on basic
techniques and he didn’t seem inclined to take advice. That didn’t seem
very prudent even though he had a taser, what would he do if he lost it?
His power wasn’t exactly a heavy hitter even if it was a great force
multiplier when used at the right moment. 

When Alec flopped onto the couch I offered to take his place. Brian
showed me how to form a fist and stand properly so I wouldn’t be caught
off balance. I thought back to how aunt Lacey had made sure I knew how
to defend myself. When Brian and I finally squared up, I managed to
catch him completely off guard with our first exchange, but he found his
footing quicker than I hoped. 

He was stronger, faster and far more experienced in a fight than I was.
Something that was painfully obvious by the time he put me down on the
mat. After the second time of being slammed onto my ass I had an idea
inspired by the events at school. 

I began to pull the fleas off Rachel’s dogs and had them hide away on
Brian, marking his joints and limbs in full as well as a few vital
points he had shown me earlier. I now had a real time image of his
entire body that I didn’t need my eyes to react with. 

Round three went very differently. 

When his fist lashed out I was already in motion. I stepped around his
jab as it barely grazed the cloth of my shirt and buried my elbow in his
diaphragm thanks to the flea that told me right where to aim. 

The air was violently driven from his lungs and Brian went down. 

“Shit, are you okay?” I asked as I offered a hand to help him up. Brian
nodded as he got to his feet, rubbing his chest. 

“What the hell was that?” He asked once he regained some of his breath.
“You moved faster than the people I spar with at the gym. How did you
pull that off?” 

“Bugs.” I answered as I felt the firefly on Lisa move outside her room.
Brian however was giving me a disbelieving look. “I used them to know
how you would move.” 

“Your powers are bullshit Skitter!” Alec called back from the couch. 

“I think I might have to agree.” I said, picking up the TV remote and
setting a few gnats along the length. “The bugs I control are like an
extension of myself. I’m as aware of them as I am of my own hand.” 

“Proprioception.” Lisa muttered, startling Brian who hadn’t been aware
she was behind him. “I’m taking you to a shooting range this afternoon,
I’ve got a theory to test.” 

“Are you still on the phone?” I asked, gesturing to the device in her
hand. 

“Yeah, the boss has a job for us.” 

“Well, don’t keep us in suspense.” Brian said. 

Lisa’s grin was wide as she spoke. “Pull up your socks, boys and girls,
because we’re robbing a bank.” 

“Hell yeah!” I shouted, cutting off whatever protest Brian seemed to
have as he turned a horrified expression on me. “What? Robbing a bank
sounds like an awesome way to debut.” 

“Lung wasn’t enough for you?” Alec drawled. I stuck my tongue out at him. 

“This is such a bad idea.” Brian grumbled. 

“Come on,” Lisa wheedled, “It’s a rite of passage for dastardly
criminals like us.”

“Robbing a bank is moronic. We’ve been over this,” Brian closed his eyes
and pinched the bridge of his nose, “You know what the average haul is
for hitting a bank?”

Lisa paused, “Twenty thou?” 

“Exactly, it’s nothing compared to the risks involved.” Brian explained.
“Plus, this is Brockton, the banks don’t keep as much cash as usual for
this very reason.” 

“I kind of want to do it anyway.” Alec said. “Hitting a bank gets you on
the front page. It’s huge for our rep.” 

“The runt is right,” Rachel said.

Brian grumbled, “Not fucking up is better for our reputation in the long
run.” 

Alec looked at me, “What do you think?” 

“We all know she’s just going to agree with Lisa.” Brian said, still
pinching his nose.

Lisa’s grin widened because he wasn’t wrong. “The boss wants us to hit a
place at a specific time and is offering some really good incentives to
do so. The bank was my idea, Bay Central’s about a mile from Arcadia, so
New Wave won’t be likely to show in force. Given how everyone tries to
figure out who happens to be a Ward, they can’t all take off at the same
time, so we shouldn’t be up against all of them.” 

“What about the Protectorate?” Brian asked. 

“Out of town on Thursday, some charity event.” Lisa said. “The boss is
also willing to match us two for one on whatever we get with a minimum
take of twenty five thousand. So no matter what we get five grand each
for this with the potential for a lot more.” 

“Why would he do that?” 

“He’s also going to supply anything we need at his expense, including
information and bribes.” 

“ /Really / not liking this. Why all the help?” Brian asked and I had a
sneaking suspicion. 

“We’re a distraction.” I said aloud. “The boss wants something pretty
badly, and is willing to burn resources to make it happen.” 

“Most likely.” Lisa said. “So, who’s up for an afternoon robbery?” 

“Fuck yeah I’m in.” Alec said, beside him Rachel nodded. 

I threw my arm over Lisa’s shoulder. “Do you even need to ask?” 

“Well Brian?” Lisa said with a hopeful expression. 

“I’m going to regret this.” Brian said. “Alright, let's get to planning.
If we’re doing this, we’re doing it right.” 

“That’s the spirit!” I punched his shoulder. 

We spent the better part of the next hour going over the bank layout,
entrance and exit strategies, and personnel we could exploit. Then we
went over the Wards, strengths, weaknesses and how likely they were to
be present. At my suggestion we also discussed New Wave, with their
public identities there was an above average chance they might show up
as well. We ate lunch as I threw out a few scenarios that felt like
worst case options and we worked through our reactions. By the time we
were done eating we all felt pretty good about the plans. Brian said he
would arrange some drills for us to practice tomorrow, which elicited
groans from Alec. 

Once we wrapped up I called Dad and filled him in on what happened at
school. He wasn’t happy with things, but Lisa stepped in and mentioned
she was having me see someone who was a family friend and should be able
to help me work through the ‘flashback’ I’d had to the locker. He agreed
I probably shouldn’t go back to school if it might cause me to relapse. 

I felt horrible about lying to him, but by the time we had dinner on
Thursday it would be the least of the horrible things I’d done this
week. A part of me wished I could tell him I was a villain just so I
wouldn’t need to lie, but I knew better. He’d try to force me to join
the Wards, and that wouldn’t be pleasant.

When I asked if I could stay with Lisa Wednesday night he seemed
reluctant. I insisted we would still be there so he could meet her
Thursday evening as we had planned, I just needed someone to help
comfort me. He finally agreed on the condition that I stay at home
tonight. I didn’t like being away from Lisa, which was a novel concept
considering I’d only known her three days at this point, but I agreed. 

Once I hung up I turned to everyone else. “I think that covers
everything.” 

“So unless there’s anything else, I think we just planned a bank robbery
before noon,” Lisa said with a grin. I glanced at my phone just in time
for the clock to tick over to noon. 

“Cut it a bit close there.” I teased. 

She leaned in and kissed my nose then whispered, “Could have been closer.” 

My blush was radiant as I sent a fly down Alec’s throat before he could
even start to ruin the moment.


    Chapter 10

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor gets a gun, and is a bit more intuitive than I planned for.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, GreyRaven and FirstSelector. Edits provided by
    Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes10>

With everything planned out for Thursday’s big robbery, Lisa and I made
our way to a place she insisted would be perfect for me to experiment
with some guns. When we arrived I had some suspicions she had set this
up through our mysterious boss because there weren't any identifying
markers outside the building, and my bugs only found two people inside. 

The men that greeted us carried themselves like the former military men
that I knew from the docks. One introduced himself as Minor, the other
as Brooks. Neither really gave me pleasant vibes. We were escorted
through empty hallways and down some stairs for long enough that I was
getting paranoid enough for the black widows and wasps hiding in my hair
to start reacting. 

When we finally reached the basement we were treated to a table lined
with various firearms and a full target range. Minor walked me through
the basics of handling the various guns, as well as loading, reloading,
and unloading. Once he was satisfied I wouldn’t accidentally shoot
someone in the ass, I took my place on the range. 

As I took up position, Lisa stepped up in the spot next to mine and
began to put rounds down range. I couldn’t help but stare at just how
hot I found the image now burning itself into my mind. Alrighty then, I
had a thing for girls with guns it seemed. Well, that probably explained
the Miss Militia poster I had on the ceiling over my bed.

Lisa recalled her target and, of the ten shots she took, only one was on
the outer ring, the rest were within it and two had grazed the bullseye.
Minor seemed satisfied with her performance and turned his attention to
me. 

He had suggested I start with a 9mm Glock 19, claiming it was a good
starter pistol for me to learn the ropes with. Even as Lisa had been
shooting, I’d been wedging fleas into various points of the gun so that
I could use my senses to help me cheat like I had in my spar with Brian.
The gun already felt like an extension of myself. 

Downrange I had gnats land on my target, giving me a very clear picture
to work with. Once I was ready I let my senses guide my aim, lining
everything up in a way I couldn’t consciously appreciate but understood
on an instinctual level. Gently, I squeezed the trigger and felt the
center gnat die. 

The firefly I had on Lisa felt her suck in a breath, no doubt I had just
confirmed whatever theory she had that had prompted this little trip. To
be honest, I was pretty sure I could keep my eyes on her and hit the
targets without effort. My power was just that good at making this work. 

I arranged the gnats into a pattern and rattled off the remaining shots
as quickly as I could point and shoot, letting my senses guide the
shots. Nine rounds later my target paper was recalled and I had a very
nice smiley face shot around the target. When Brooks and Minor saw it, I
was treated to matching raised eyebrows. 

“You sure you’ve never shot a gun before?” Minor asked. 

“Nothing like this.” I deflected. 

They had Lisa and I try different guns for the next hour and I ended up
settling on the Glock 19 even if a few of the .45 ACP guns had been fun
to play with. I wanted simple and reliable for anything Cape related and
the Glock certainly qualified. Lisa was going to look into getting me a
legal carry permit so I could keep a Glock 26 on me in my civies. When
in Brockton… 

Having chosen my favorite gun, Minor led us into a secondary room which
could only be some form of obstacle course with targets. I spread my
gnats as quickly as possible and ran into a problem: I couldn’t tell the
safe targets from the hostile ones. 

“There are two different targets.” Minor said as he activated the first
two down range. “I want you to hit the red ones only, leave the white
ones. There are fifteen targets so you will need to reload as you go.
I’m curious as to how well you’ll do.” 

I swallowed but nodded as he handed me two magazines for my gun and gave
me a rough pat on the shoulder. Lisa was watching me for a moment, and I
saw the moment she decided to kiss me barely an instant before her lips
were on my cheek. 

“Good luck Tay.” She whispered and followed after the two men into the
observation booth. 

Blushing like a madwoman I took my place on the starting position,
loaded my first mag, chambered the round and forced my breathing to be
calm and even and pushed my nerves into my swarm. A piercing shriek
signalled the start and I moved. Targets popped from seemingly random
places, but I already had bugs on them so I knew where they were and
when they popped. There was however, another problem. 

When the targets popped my bugs were dislodged. 

It took precious moments to bring the gnats back on target and for me to
line up my shots, moments I used to verify which targets were valid.
Fifteen rounds later I crossed the finish line. 

“One minute, thirty seven seconds. Not bad at all, kid.” Minor said as
they stepped out of the booth and I cleared my pistol and set it back on
the table. “If you ever consider a career in this stuff, I can put in a
good word for you with some people that pay extraordinarily well.” 

The man winked at me and I felt a chill run up my spine. Yeah, whoever
our boss was, this guy certainly worked for him, and only one gang in
the bay was well known for using mercs. 

Coil. 

Lisa’s eyes widened the instant I had thought his name and she shook her
head ever so slightly as her eyes glanced at the mercenaries now
escorting us from the building. The message was clear and I didn’t dare
say anything that might put her in danger. 

Once we were outside and had walked a few blocks away Lisa let out a
shaky breath. “So, you figured it out.” 

“That they worked for our boss?” I asked and Lisa nodded. “Yeah, it
wasn't hard to figure it out from there. So, Coil?” 

“Yeah, he’s our mysterious sponsor.” Lisa said with an air of
resignation. “He’s the one who recruited me to put together the
Undersiders.” 

“Huh, well, that’s neat I guess? Does my knowing change things?” I asked. 

“It might, I’ll be talking to him tonight to place the order for our
gear and fill him in on the plan, I’m sure it will come up.” 

“Lisa, you’re tense as hell right now, what’s wrong?” 

“Let’s just say that being a villain isn’t always fun and games. It’s
best you don’t know yet, otherwise you might do something stupid.” 

So, I did something stupid. I grabbed Lisa by the arm and pulled her
into an alley I knew was clear thanks to my bugs and covered her mouth.
It was then that I’d noticed I’d shoved her against the wall and was
looming over her while she pointedly looked away with a bright blush on
her cheeks. Oops. 

I removed my hand and laid my head on her shoulder. My voice came out in
barely a whisper. “Lisa. I care about you, hell, you’re a very large
part of the reason I’m here, so talk to me, alright?” 

I felt Lisa’s entire body shiver as she gripped me in a tight hug and a
dry sob escaped. “I’m scared Tay.” 

“Is he threatening you?” I asked softly. She nodded. “Can I help?” 

She shook her head. “He’d kill you if you tried.” 

“So why hasn’t he killed you?” 

“I’m useful to him, soon as I stop being useful…” 

I nodded. “So, what you’re saying is that he’ll leave you alone as long
as you’re useful?” 

“As long as I’m more useful free and not in a cage as an on-tap Thinker,
yes.” 

“Well, you’re the brains of this relationship.” I said, booping her
nose. “Tell me how I can help.”

Chapter End Notes

    Taylor wasn't supposed to figure out they worked for Coil yet, so my
    entire plans for the next few chapters were thoroughly derailed by
    this. Welp, characters drive the plot and outline be damned, so
    adapt I shall!


    Chapter 11

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor shoots my outline in the face and doubles down.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, GreyRaven and FirstSelector. Edits provided by
    Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes11>

Unfortunately I’d already promised Dad I would spend the night at home,
which hurt like hell that I wasn’t going to be there for Lisa. She’d
told me everything about how Coil had recruited her and I’d felt a fury
that I normally reserved for Emma herself. Dealing with him would
require planning, and worst of all, I couldn’t let on any hint that I
might be plotting against him, even under torture of myself, dad, or
Lisa. Because that bastard would do it, then toss it away and we’d never
know it happened. 

To save Lisa, I’d have to keep my reactions believable as her teammate,
not as a co-conspirator. 

Fuck, I wanted nothing more than to be there for her right now, to hold
her and keep her safe. Dad would get worried if I didn’t come home,
especially with what happened at Winslow today, and yet I still wanted
to stay with Lisa after such a damning revelation. 

Which was why I was helping Lisa up and over the broken step on our porch. 

Because fuck leaving her alone after all of that. 

I unlocked the door and brought her inside and I could see her looking
at each picture, every memento, as well as the spots where things that
reminded us too much of mom used to be. She was taking it all in as I
set her bag aside and went to the kitchen to get her something to drink.
When I came back she was sitting on the couch, her head cupped in her
hands. I set the glass of water on the table and pulled her into a hug. 

After a few moments of quiet comfort, I spoke. 

“It’s a shame you don’t know his civilian identity, that would make this
so much easier.” 

“I could probably figure it out.” Lisa said, curling up against me. “I
just haven’t because I know he interrogates me on what I know every few
days…” 

“Do we have the time to find it before the bank job?” 

“If we camped out his base and he was actually there and not a body
double, maybe.” Lisa answered. “He should be at his base during the bank
job, but that would leave you out of the job and risk giving the game
away if you failed in one of his attempts at whatever he wants.” 

“So, I need to keep playing along until we have the time to make this
work…” After a few moments I nodded and turned the TV on. “I guess that
means I need to become the best damn villain ever so he sees me as
irreplaceable to the team. Then, once he trusts me, I’ll feed him all
the hornets and black widows.” 

Lisa chuckled into my shoulder while I ran my fingers through her hair.
“For someone who wanted to be a Hero less than a week ago, you are
fucking terrifying when you put your mind to it.” 

“If it means protecting you, I’ll become a monster.” I said
affectionately. “Nobody threatens those I care about.” 

Lisa looked up at me with tears in her eyes. “Tay, that might be the
sweetest, most horrifying thing I’ve ever heard.” 

I couldn’t help myself, I leaned down and kissed her. 

She stiffened for a moment and in the back of my mind I panicked that
her power had chosen then to tell her something loathsome about me. Then
she deepened the kiss and I melted into our embrace. It lasted for what
felt like an eternity as we both kept it going with unfettered enthusiasm. 

So of course that was the moment dad cleared his throat.

Chapter End Notes

    Sorry for how short this and the following chapter will be, but
    given that each section stood better as their own chapters, I
    decided to split them.
    It also gives me a bit of a buffer to work on salvaging the upcoming
    bank scenes after Taylor took a sledge hammer to half my plot
    outline two minutes into the bank job.
    (She's being really bad at refusing to follow along...)


    Chapter 12

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor, Lisa, Danny. Well, this is awkward.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, GreyRaven and FirstSelector. Edits provided by
    Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes12>

I’d been so caught up in the moment that I actually zoned out of my bug
senses enough that I missed his car pulling up. That I’d also missed him
opening the front door, and then catching us was… There wasn’t any excuse. 

Lisa and I pulled apart quickly enough, though her lip was stubbornly
between my teeth for a moment as we did so. That just made dad laugh and
shake his head. I didn’t have to look to know that Lisa’s blush probably
matched my own. 

“You must be Lisa.” Dad said with a grin. “I wasn’t expecting to meet
you until tomorrow.” 

“Likewise.” Lisa muttered, her face scarlet. “Some stuff came up
however, and I didn’t want Taylor to be alone.” 

Dad’s face fell. “How bad was it?” 

“Lisa set me up with a psych appointment Thursday afternoon at one.” I
said, shifting to the cover story we had come up with for why I wasn’t
at school during the bank job. I didn’t enjoy lying to him, but it was
going to come with the territory of being a villain. “I had a flashback
to January when the bugs fell on me. I think I might have hurt someone
running away but I’m not sure. The memory isn’t very clear.” 

“I’m glad you’re planning to see someone about this. Naturally I’ll talk
to the school and tell them you’ll be off the next few days.” 

I untangled myself from Lisa and walked over to my dad and wrapped him
in a hug. He might not have been perfect, but he was getting better. He
was trying. 

There was no way in hell I was going to discourage that. 

Dad and Lisa spent some time talking in the living room while I made
supper. We weren’t planning for anything fancy, that was reserved for
Thursday evening, so soup and sandwiches it was. While we ate, dad
changed the channel to an older Aleph movie and after a few minutes Lisa
and I were both fighting to not laugh. 

It was Ocean's Eleven, right as they were planning their heist. 

Dad was clearly confused and I didn’t dare risk attempting to explain
our laughter for the risk of giving the game away. Thankfully he didn’t
pry further, but I could feel him watching us as we cuddled up on the
couch together. 

As we watched the movie I had some of my bugs slip a twenty into his
coat pocket. He’d ask questions if I offered him the money, or assume
Lisa was in a gang again, and that was far too close to the truth for me
to risk it. A random twenty in his pocket just once however? Simply good
fortune. Let’s just say that I was going to be thinking of all the
subtle ways I could help dad out with a lucky streak. 

Dad excused himself after the movie and retreated upstairs. I wasn’t
sure what he was doing until he entered the guest room and began to tidy
up. Lisa seemed to pick up on that as well because she curled up just a
bit tighter against me. A part of me was tempted to sneak her into my
room, but that would probably be frowned on heavily if dad caught us. 

We weren’t even officially dating yet… Were we? 

No sooner than the thought crossed my mind I felt my head being turned
towards the snuggly blonde and I felt her lips once more on my own.
Sometimes I was a bit creeped out by her mind reader act, but times like
this? 

Once more I just let myself get lost in the moment. 

I still kept track of my dad, as well as the sentries I had watching my
house, but they were in the background on the edge of my awareness. I
didn’t want to be caught unaware again, but I wasn’t about to lose
myself within them either. Lisa deserved all the attention I could give
her. 

Dad left us alone for longer than he probably needed, for which I was
grateful but all too soon it was time for us to retire to our rooms.
Even knowing Lisa was just a room away I still felt anxious about Coil
trying something. It was then that I felt her brush a finger against the
firefly. I sent it a command to hover off, then landed it on Lisa’s
finger. 

Bug senses tended to be shit, but for almost an instant I could have
sworn I could see her smile.

Chapter End Notes

    Taylor has finally course corrected in my future writing and the
    bank scene can now be typed! Now to see how she derails that mess...
    I am maintaining at least a one chapter lead to be safe and
    hopefully continue with daily updates for the time being.


    Chapter 13

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Lisa gets a phone call, Taylor... Taylors.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, GreyRaven and FirstSelector. Edits provided by
    Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes13>

Lisa’s smile wilted the instant her phone vibrated. My entire body
tensed and my swarm was erratic on the edges of my range. I couldn’t
hear what was being said, I needed to know that Lisa was safe.
Desperately I focused on each type of bug as quickly as I could manage,
listening, watching, trying to find some insect that could… 

An argument a block over, there were a handful of moths fluttering
around their porchlight, but I could hear their conversation. I couldn’t
understand it, but I could hear it dammit. 

Every moth in my swarm made their way to Lisa’s window, coating it like
something out of a horror film, but I could pick up the pieces from each
bug. Scraps and shards of dialog, I focused my everything on just those
bugs and then it was as though something clicked in my mind. 

“I know that incident could draw attention to us once she debuts. Thing
is, the PRT already knows a bug controller took out Lung, all this is
doing is confirming what they suspected.” 

Lisa’s voice was barely a whisper, but the moths could still hear her. I
couldn’t hear his reply through the window however, but Lisa grimaced.
Which I could see even as the image once again slipped through my
awareness. I just needed to focus on the right bugs. 

“Look, this girl is fucking terrifying, you should be doing everything
you can to win her over, not risking making an enemy of her. Just get us
that supply requisition, fulfil that request I made, then wait and see.” 

More conversation my bugs couldn’t hear from Coil’s end followed,
flashes of Lisa kept flickering into my mind but never solidified. She
was silent for an uncomfortable amount of time, then she gulped. 

“Understood, I’ll keep you updated. I’ll check in tomorrow at the usual
time.” 

I heard the sound of a call ending, then the sound of gentle weeping. I
was out of bed and into my girlfriend’s room, wrapping her in a tight
embrace as the strength bled from her legs and we sank to the floor. 

I rubbed her hair as she sobbed into my shoulder. “I don’t know what he
said, but I promise you this. He won’t control you for much longer. I
keep my promises, and when this is all over, he’ll either be dead, or
bend the knee.” 

She let out a choked laugh. “How can you be so terrifying, yet adorably
protective at the same time?” 

“It’s a gift.” I said with a shrug. “Now let's get you into bed,
tomorrow’s a busy day and you need your beauty rest.” 

Lisa laughed, and it was so much less pained than just moments earlier.
Once she was wrapped up in bed I leaned down and kissed her goodnight.
Much as I wanted to stay close to her, I wouldn’t betray dad’s trust
like that. As I stepped over to the door I turned back and smiled softly. 

“Goodnight, my firefly.” 

I closed the door behind me as softly as I could and wiped the unshed
tears from my eyes. As my bugs watched Lisa in the room next to mine, I
couldn’t help but think about how my life had turned around. All because
I had met this amazing girl. 

Deep down, a fire had been lit. I would protect those I cared for, and
anyone that threatened them would be destroyed. The plagues of Egypt
would have nothing on the swarms I would call upon my enemies.

This city would be mine if that was what was required of me. 

I curled up in my own bed, ideas and plans swirling through my head when
I felt Lisa roll over and pull the spare pillow close, hugging it tight.
Her lips were quirked in a tiny smirk and I felt my face flush as she
whispered. 

“Goodnight, my terrifying goddess. Goodnight, my Khepri.” 

I felt a chill run down my spine and silently I wondered… 

Was it too late to change my cape name?

Chapter End Notes

    I currently have 7 chapters handwritten that I need to type, I
    should be able to finish one before tomorrow's normal upload, but if
    I don't, I'll get them up asap and back on track. Aiming for 30
    chapters in 30 days with this now. NaNoWriMo Bitches!


    Chapter 14

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor robs a bank, takes hostages

Chapter Notes

    Beta provided by Atlasofremembrance

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes14>

It was raining as our van meandered through the lunch rush traffic of
downtown. Lisa and I were in one van while Brian, Alec and Rachel were a
few cars ahead of us. Both vans were repaired scrap at best, to be
abandoned at the bank itself. The boss hadn’t been kidding about getting
us everything we needed to make this work at least. 

“So, what’s for supper tonight?” Lisa asked as we waited for a light to
change. 

“Lasagna and garlic toast with a greek salad.” I answered while playing
around with my new combat knife. 

The boss had delivered my wish list yesterday morning while Brian was
running us through yet another drill for the bank job. I admired his
dedication but dammit did that cut into my cuddle time with Lisa. She
and I ended up passing out on the couch shortly after supper for fuck
sakes. Was still nice waking up with her in my arms however. 

Oh right, new gear. The combat knife was durable enough to double as a
crowbar in extreme circumstances. Another bit was a military grade
collapsible baton and finally my new baby, the Glock 19 with fleas
already packed in the appropriate spots for target acquisition. I was as
equipped as I was going to be for my public debut as Skitter. 

Lisa reached over and gave my hand a reassuring squeeze. “Nervous?” 

“A bit.” I answered, returning her gesture. “It’s my first felony, a
girl’s gonna be nervous.” 

Lisa laughed and I felt a bit of my tension evaporate. “Technically an
act of bioterrorism at Winslow was your first.” 

“Details.” I said, shaking my head. “My first felony that I’ll be in
costume for and there will be no doubt that I committed. Happy now?” 

“Happy as I can be.” Lisa said with a pained smile then leaned over and
kissed the cheek of my mask. “Last chance to back out. Once you go out
there you’ll be committed, are you sure that-” 

I cut her off by slipping my mask up and to the side then giving her a
deep kiss. 

“Sometimes you talk too much, Tattletale.” 

I then slid my mask back into place as her brain took a second to reboot
from the sudden shift in mood. Outside, I had my sentries move into
place to obscure the cameras watching the alley where we were parked. 

“Now, let's rob a bank.” 

I stepped out and around the van, popping the rear doors open and let my
biblical plague of wasps, spiders and anything that could bite or sting
that I had found over the last two days out, coating the alley in chitin. 

Lisa stepped up beside me as Grue, Regent and Bitch emerged from the
second van. My bugs parting around them with each step they took. It was
kinda scary how easy it was to coordinate them. Bitch’s dogs were
already enlarged, coming up to my waist and steadily growing. 

I marvelled at how Lisa effortlessly bypassed the security panel’s
features and cracked the override code, letting us inside without
tripping any of the alarms. Grue immediately flooded the halls in
darkness as my bugs swept through the offices and I signalled which had
people still inside. Grue made quick work of securing the hostages and
before I knew it, it was my time to shine. 

Darkness flooded the lobby as my bugs followed in its wake. I planted
gnats and widows on each person I encountered and kept wasps nearby in
the event someone got stupid. I took a slow, meditative breath, smiled
at Lisa under my mask knowing full well she could tell and signalled
Grue that I was ready. 

The darkness dissipated around me, pulling back to the edges of the
lobby and finally the hostages could see my form. Roaches and Spiders
crawled over me in a layer while nearly a million flies and wasps buzzed
in complicated geometric patterns all through the air. The bugs on the
ground were also in motion, moving as though they were the tides. I’d
practiced this with Lisa last night, she helped me nail down what she
considered the maximum level of biblical terror that I could deliver. 

Judging by the fear my bugs could practically taste, it was working.
Even Bitch’s dogs, which were flanking me, radiated a note of fear. They
remembered. It was only her commanding presence and a hand on each of
their flanks that kept them in line. 

“Fifteen minutes!” I called out as my swarm buzzed in time with my
words. “Sit down, shut up and don’t do anything stupid. In fifteen
minutes we’ll be done and you’ll have a fun story to tell your friends
and family. This isn’t TV or a book.” 

I held up my finger, a very distinct and familiar spider rested on it. 

“I’m sure most of you know what a Black Widow can do. I have almost a
thousand of these girls here with us. If you try to be a hero, each and
every one of them will bite you and you won’t survive. Am I clear?” 

I looked over the room as my threat soaked in. Forty two people, a very
nice number indeed. I watched a full grown man cry, an elderly bank
employee was shaking like a leaf. A rather cute girl with freckles was
glaring at me with raw loathing… Oh shit. 

“Tattletale, problem.” I called out with my swarm. 

She sauntered over and saw who all of my attention was focused on. Her
grin was savage. 

“Well hello Panacea. Fancy meeting you here.” Tattletale said as she
sauntered closer. “Well this does present quite the problem for our
dastardly plans.” 

I rolled my eyes at her theatrics. We really didn’t have time for this. 

“New Wave will be coming in force now, likely the Wards too.” Grue said. 

“Wards are busy chasing Uber and Leet.” Tattletale answered. “We’ll see
three at most here as long as we stick to the timetable.” 

“Speaking of.” I said as I gestured at Panacea. “Regent, tase the nice
hero so she doesn’t cause problems.” 

“Sure thing Skitter!” He said cheerfully, practically skipping over to
her. She moved to lunge at him but tripped instead. Then she convulsed
as his scepter discharged and she was out like a rock. 

I wasn’t quite sure I liked the name Skitter, but Lisa hard vetoed
Khepri as it gave the impression that I might be too scary to let live.
I also got the feeling she wanted calling me Khepri to remain her domain
alone. Skitter downplayed my abilities, it worked better and I was
forced to agree. Still, not like I couldn’t make it into a name that was
feared. Just look at how Lung made his name work for him. 

With one last mental tally of the lobby I turned back towards the team
and nodded to Tattletale. Grue just shook his head at the whole display. 

“Now that we’ve secured the hostages, let’s get to work.”

Chapter End Notes

    Well, so much for my hilarious plans for hostage Amy... Thanks Tay!
    No superbugs for you now!


    Chapter 15

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor robs a bank, makes demands.

Chapter Notes

    Beta provided by Atlasofremembrance and GreyRaven (Who you can thank
    for Alec's drawing)

Tattletale cracked her knuckles as she walked up to the safe like a
predator stalking their prey. 

“These things are just so much fun to crack, you know?”

“Tattletale…” I tried, but she ignored me. 

“Each one has its own novella of tricks needed to get to the goods.” 

I cleared my throat and had my bugs mimic the sound. 

“Hush, I’m in my element here.” She said as she began to fiddle with the
lock. “As I was saying…” 

I rolled my eyes and walked right up to the safe and pulled it open.
Tattletale froze in place as she just stared at the now open door like
it had personally offended her. Grue and Bitch strode inside while I
patted my pouting girlfriend on the shoulder. 

“Don’t worry firefly, there’s still the President’s computer to crack.
Not your fault the vault was already unlocked.” 

“But they stole my fun!” She whined. “I’ve been looking forward to
cracking the safe all week!” 

“I’ll find you some fun puzzles for you later, for now we have a
schedule to keep.” 

“Yes ma’am.” Tattletale said with an adorable pout then winked before
she sashayed off with a very exaggerated swagger. I tried and failed to
not stare as she left us to our busy work of packing away tens of
thousands of dollars in cash. Damn that woman, we were supposed to be
working! 

Regent was laughing as he packed one of the bags full of neatly wrapped
bundles of cash. An unconscious Panacea tied up off to the side where we
could watch her… And someone had drawn a dick on her forehead. Dammit
Regent. 

“She has you so fucking wrapped.” 

“Yeah, she kinda does.” I said as I began to pack my own bag with cash.
All around us I had fleas invade the security boxes by the hundreds. As
I found likely candidates for what Coil wanted us to bring him I set a
firefly to illuminate it. Grue made quick work of prying them open and
loading the contents up. 

Ten minutes later Lisa’s voice came over our coms as well as through the
moths I left with her. 

“White hats are here, and they were so kind as to bring Grue’s
girlfriend for a date!” 

I heard the man groan as we exited the vault while bitch secured the
bags to the dogs. As we approached the front windows of the lobby Grue
blanketed the hostages in darkness. That was when I felt a familiar
cluster of parasitic bugs enter my range. 

“Mother fucker.” I muttered. “Guys, Shadow Stalker has crabs.” 

There was a moment of silence, then Regent erupted into cackles. “Holy
shit, she’s getting outed because you gave her fucking crabs! You can’t
make this shit up!” 

I was thankful nobody outside our team could hear the raving lunatic
that I called a friend as he literally rolled across the floor. Frankly,
it was hilarious in a fucked up sort of way. Shadow Stalker was either
Emma or, much more likely, Sophia. One of my tormentors was a fucking
Ward. That explained so damn much and pretty much cemented my future as
a villain. 

If they let someone like her be a hero, then what did that say about
some of the others? Alexandria had been an idol of mine. Was she
secretly leading a shadowy group of villains? Did Miss Militia hunt
people for sport as a pastime? 

Well, at the very least I didn’t need to worry about holding back
against her, especially with Panacea on hand to handle the aftermath.
She would undoubtedly heal up her so-called rescuers after all. I could
cut loose without any guilt. Sophia was getting /all / the bees. 

“I thought she wasn’t allowed near us.” Grue said. 

“Must have been an emergency thanks to the rest of the Wards being
deployed elsewhere.” Tattletale responded. “You know this will only make
her hate boner for you worse, right?” 

“Please don’t remind me.” He muttered as Regent made kissing noises
behind him. Grue just enveloped his head in darkness as an answer. I’d
need to try that with bugs sometime. 

“So, Grue. Should we be worried about catching anything from being near
you?” Goddammit Regent. 

“Should we worry about you?” Tattletale asked over our headsets. 

Regent held up a finger for a moment then shrugged. “Fair point but I’ve
been checked, can Grue say the same?” 

“Now really isn’t the time.” Grue said with the full reverb effect his
darkness could offer. 

Outside I could see Clockblocker talking to Shielder while Shadow
Stalker stood off to the side playing with one of her arrows and
watching the bank. Above us my bugs could tell someone was hovering just
over the roof. Those I tried to land on her kept slipping off until one
found a piece of metal on her head. Tracing it with various bugs I could
tell it was a tiara. Glory girl was here as well. 

“Four targets not counting normals.” I said into my headset. “Stalker,
Clock, Shielder and Glory.” 

“Far from the worst case scenario then.” My girlfriend said as she
joined up My bugs noted a thumb drive was quietly slipped into a pouch
on her belt. “At least Vista isn’t here, that makes escape much easier.” 

“We’ll still have Glory Hole on our asses.” Regent happily reminded
everyone, now mostly recovered from his fit of hysterics. “I’d rather
not have to deal with Miss Collateral Damage chasing us all the way home.” 

“I’m open to suggestions.” Grue said. 

“We simply don’t give her the chance.” I said with a vicious grin as a
plan formed in my mind. “Grue, you and I are on Ward duty. Bitch, make
sure the loot is secure and get ready. I have a plan.” 

“'Bout time we actually fought for once.” Bitch said. “Running gets old.” 

Minutes later the hostages burst out of the front door of the bank,
running towards the heroes as Clockblocker began to shout orders. That
was when Grue’s darkness engulfed them as well as the street up to where
the PRT had set up their cordon. Under the cover of darkness my swarm
moved. 

Neither Ward dared step into the inky blackness but Shielder made the
mistake of flying over it. 

“Brutus, hurt!” Echoed out of a gap in the void. 

One of Bitch’s dogs lept out of the darkness and swatted Shielder down
and into the black where I quickly set spiders to tie him down with silk. 

Slowly I had roaches emerge from the darkness and crawl up
Clockblocker’s legs, Shadow Stalker simply turned into her shadow form
when I tried with her. That was when Grue sent a burst of darkness
towards them both and Sophia was forced to be solid once more. My swarm
then made its move. 

Every critter that could forced its way inside Clockblocker’s suit and
within moments he ripped his helmet off to swat them away. Grue likely
got a good look at his face but all I got was that he had a domino mask
underneath the helmet so the polite fiction was maintained. 

Sophia however got everything I had with a stinger, along with more than
a few brown recluses. I spared nothing in my assault of my bully. I
really didn’t give a shit if things pointed back towards me at this
point. Fuck the heroes and all they stood for. 

Still, I did share a bit of the love with Clockblocker, just to somewhat
hide how much special attention I was giving the bitch. 

As this all transpired the front wall of the bank exploded inward and
Glory Girl floated inside radiating pure, pants shitting terror. 

She was focused on my figure, which was kneeling over her still
unconscious sister as dozens of black widows made themselves known by
crawling all over Panacea. The threat was clear. 

“Hello, Glory Girl.” My swarm spoke. “I’d like to negotiate the terms of
your surrender.”


    Chapter 16

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor does her job.

Chapter Notes

    Beta provided by Atlasofremembrance and GreyRaven

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes16>

“My surrender?” Glory Girl spat. “You know that New Wave won’t rest if
you hurt even one hair on Amy’s head, never mind the Protectorate.” 

“Of that I have little doubt, not that the current showing was all that
impressive.” My swarm said. “And I really don’t want to hurt her either,
this is just business after all.” 

“Just business?” Glory Girl said, then she snarled. “Just how many have
been hurt in this ludicrous stunt of yours?” 

A shrug was accented by moving bugs. “Two Wards and two members of New
Wave, zero civilians so far. Would you like to change that? I can make
it three members of New Wave if you want.” 

“I guess you missed the memo. I’m invincible.” 

My swarm chuckled. “Maybe you are, though I have my doubts. I’m just
surprised.” 

“Oh?” Glory Girl said, looking from me to Amy. 

“I just expected you to be smarter.”   

Glory Girl slammed into the concrete floor of the lobby hard enough to
crack it, displacing several of my bugs in the process. She stomped
forward and it took extra concentration to keep my bugs from rattling
loose. Flies cluttered around her face but did nothing to slow her down
thanks to that damned shield. It was frustrating but expected. 

“You know, I think I’ll step on you like the bug you are.” 

“Maybe so.” My swarm buzzed. “But you’ll have to catch me first and I
don’t think you have it in you. Face it, you’re going to fail, just like
you always do.” I paused as Lisa fed me a particularly damning line
based on some of the rumors that had come up during our planning. “Or
maybe you will break me. Break me so badly that your dear sister can’t
put me back together again.” 

Glory Girl stopped cold as color drained from her face. It seemed Lisa’s
intuition was once again spot on. Glory Girl was silent and trembling
for what seemed like several minutes, then Panacea groaned. 

“Looks like time’s up.” My swarm said and stood. “Naturally Panacea will
be free to go, sorry for tasing her and all that. No hard feelings?” 

“No hard feelings?” Glory Girl growled as the last of my bugs cleared
away from Panacea, revealing the dick Regent drew on her forehead which
thankfully went unnoticed. “I’ll show you no hard feelings!” 

Glory Girl shot forward, slammed into the center of my mass, splattering
untold numbers of bugs as she continued through and through the outer
wall, raining debris down upon the now wrecked lobby. 

Once again my swarm laughed. “Did I forget to mention that we left the
moment Grue flooded the streets? Truly, I must thank you, Glory Girl,
for being such a good participant. I look forward to when we can work
together again!” 

Glory Girl screamed in pure rage and began to smash at my swarm as it
kept cackling. Meanwhile, Lisa and I were two blocks away enjoying a
late lunch at a nice bistro. We were back in civies while Grue, Bitch
and Regent loaded the now shrunken dogs, as well as our take into a
nondescript minivan and drove off to the hand off with Coil’s people. 

I’d vetoed the part of the plan that required us to stash the money
immediately, too many opportunities to screw us over or for someone to
get lucky. 

I grabbed Lisa and pulled her tight against my side. Wide, matching
grins were on our faces as we walked down the sidewalk. Emergency
vehicles screeching by us on their way to the bank. Once I was sure
nobody was watching I pulled her into a passionate kiss. 

When we separated, our noses almost still touching, I whispered.

“I love it when a plan comes together.” 

She punched my shoulder but we were both laughing. We took the scenic
route back to my home, stopping to grab a few things at a grocery store
as well as to ensure that nobody was following us. I’d be damned if some
E88 asshole jumped us after the day we’d just had. 

Nothing was going to fuck up tonight’s dinner. So help me, anyone that
dared would face the wrath of Skitter. It wouldn’t be long till word
spread and that threat held so much more meaning to the city at large.
God have mercy on anyone who fucked with us, because I sure as hell
wouldn’t.

Chapter End Notes

    This has pretty much morphed into my NaNoWriMo project. My goal is a
    minimum of 30 chapters posted by December 10th (Since I got a late start

    Spirit Detective Taylor has an entire arc in backlog currently so I
    don't feel bad shifting focus at the moment.


    Chapter 17

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor has dinner with her dad and Lisa.

Chapter Notes

    Beta provided by Atlasofremembrance and GreyRaven

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes17>

My mouth was watering as the aroma of the lasagna hit me from the open
oven. I was smearing a garlic spread across Texas toast while Lisa set
the main dish aside to rest and I slid the toast into the oven in its
place. She then proceeded to toss the salad. 

Yes, the jokes were made, yes we were both blushing by the end of it. No
I wouldn’t explain how that bit of garlic spread got on her nose, nor
how it was cleaned off. Those were mysteries that would simply remain
unsolved. 

Brian had texted us that the handoff with the boss went off without a
hitch and that they were safely back at the loft for the night. The
rough estimate of our take was in the neighborhood of sixty thousand,
not counting the value of the paperwork we grabbed. Overall we should
clear close to forty thousand each once it was all said and done. A damn
good haul for a few days of planning and twenty minutes of actual work. 

Coil told Lisa we should expect payment by Saturday afternoon. It was an
incredible rush knowing that we had pulled it off, but I couldn’t shake
the worry in the back of my mind. Just what had we been a distraction
for? Would I be planning to kill him once I found out? Problems for
future Taylor to plot murder over. 

I was booped out of my thoughts by Lisa who wore a saddened smile. I
pulled her into a hug that didn’t last long enough then kissed her. I
got the message all the same, no point worrying about things I couldn’t
control. Not yet at least. 

The silk triplines I set across our driveway were broken by the arrival
of a familiar truck. Shifting my active attention to the bugs I could
see through, I confirmed that my dad was home. I pulled away from my
supervillain girlfriend and put on the mask that was Taylor Hebert. 

“Wow, that smells amazing.” Dad declared as he took his jacket off at
the entryway. The bugs I had in the hall gave me a good view as he
walked up the hall and into the kitchen. 

Lisa and I were setting the table when he stopped in the doorway, a warm
smile on his face but his eyes were shimmering. I gave him the brightest
smile I could as I hurried over and wrapped my dad in a tight hug. 

“Welcome home dad, dinner’s ready.” 

“I can see that.” He said. “It’s good to see you again, Lisa.” 

“Feels like it was just yesterday, Mister Hebert.” 

Dad chuckled. “Please, call me Danny.” 

Dinner was pleasant, with dad and Lisa getting to know one another as
well as they could. When dad asked how we met I had to shunt my panic
into the bugs a block over to avoid a reaction in my physical self.
Thankfully Lisa swept in with a tale of meeting me at the library while
she was studying for her GED. 

I expressed my interest in doing the same and while he wasn’t happy with
my wanting to test out, he understood it. With Lisa’s prodding I
explained that the bullying issues hadn’t gotten better at all. That
just served to anger him, but he then gave me full permission to pursue
it on two conditions. 

“First condition.” He said evenly. “I want you to attend school while
you study for this. I don’t expect you to go every day, or even stay all
day, but put in the token effort when it is safe to do so.” 

I nodded at that, it was a fair compromise with plenty of leeway and
trusted me to not abuse it. I felt a bit bad for the fact that I would
be abusing it with the career path I had chosen. 

“Second condition.” His face twisted into anger and I felt a chill run
down my spine. “If any of the bitches attempt to hurt you again, repay
the favor tenfold. I don’t give a damn if they expel you over it, fight
back if at all possible. I will back you one hundred percent on any
consequences that come from it.” 

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing and even Lisa was wide eyed at the
declaration. 

“I don’t want you hiding things from me anymore Taylor. I don’t want to
be blindsided by something like this again. I don’t care what it is, I
will be there to support you.” 

My mouth had gone dry as his words settled in and I wasn’t quite sure
what I should do when Lisa took hold of my hand and gave it a reassuring
squeeze. I wanted to tell him, but at the same time, I didn’t want to
put his new found resolve to such a test. 

He would be hurt if I held my new career back from him and he found out
later. It would probably destroy all the progress we had been making
over the last… Damn, it hadn’t even been a week yet. Still, I wanted to
trust in my dad, believing he truly meant it. 

I turned to my girlfriend and let the unspoken concerns wash through me,
knowing she would understand it all. Better yet, she would understand
him. She would stop me if this was a bad idea… I hoped. Ever so slowly I
watched my girlfriend nod then smile. 

With a deep breath, Lisa and I stood in unison. 

“Alright dad, you want me to come clean about everything?” His eyes had
gone wide as he looked at my hand linked with Lisa's. I shared a
moment’s glance with my girlfriend and she gave me a genuine smile and a
nod of approval. “Lisa and I are dating.” 

Dad stared at me blankly for a moment, then began to laugh, doubling
over as he belted out the jovial sounds. “Oh thank god.” He finally
managed. “And here I thought you were about to announce that you were a
supervillain or something ridiculous like that.” 

“Oh, I’m also a supervillain.” I said, calling all the bugs I could into
the kitchen as his laughter abruptly stopped. Then the swarm spoke with
me. “Skitter to be specific.”

Chapter End Notes

    GODDAMIT TAYLOR! THINK OF THE OUTLINE!

    *Throws all notes in the air*


    Chapter 18

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor: "Wait, what?"

Chapter Notes

    Beta provided by Atlasofremembrance, Slider, and GreyRaven. Edits
    provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes18>

“You robbed a bank today.” 

Oh joy, dad had already heard about that. Not the first words I expected
out of his mouth, but still. Fuck. Hell of a way to start this
conversation. Why did he have to pick today of all days to be such a
good dad? Why did I feel like I should confess everything to him just
because he had one really good moment after a thousand lackluster ones? 

“Yes, we did.” Lisa said, meeting his eyes. His attention snapped to her
and she gave a mock bow. “The illustrious Tattletale, at your service.” 

“This makes way too much damn sense.” Dad muttered while shaking his
head. “Your mom joined Lustrum for, well, basically the same reasons. I
should’ve expected this…” 

All I could do was blink. Mom had /dated / Lustrum? I knew she had been
in the woman’s gang, but, wow. Thinking back to what I had read on the
cape and the few pictures I had seen of her, all I could think was ‘go
mom’. 

“You're not mad?” I asked hesitantly. 

“No, I’m actually pretty livid right now.” Dad said softly. “But I
understand it.”

After a few moments of silence between us, I asked a question. “Did mom
actually date Lustrum?” 

Dad was quiet for a moment. “They were dating before she became Lustrum,
and drifted apart after the movement formed.” 

“Her trigger event.” I surmised. 

“Something like that.” Dad said, then a smile ghosted across his face.
“Annette was drowning her sorrows after yet another fight, tried to
throw herself at the first man she saw, but I made sure she got home
instead. A few weeks later she asked me out on a date properly, and the
rest is history.” 

Dad and I drifted into our own thoughts as I watched my girlfriend. We’d
met after both of our trigger events so hopefully that wasn’t a risk.
Didn’t stop either of us from being broken teenagers with a ton of
baggage though. 

Lisa was watching dad intently, no doubt reading his surface thoughts as
his mind processed things. After a moment Dad nodded and Lisa’s eyes
widened. 

“Danny, for what it's worth, trying to force her into the Wards would be
a complete disaster.” 

“You wouldn’t.” I said as all the bugs still around us began to chitter. 

“He would.” Lisa said, “but not without hearing the reason why you don’t
want to join first.” 

Dad looked between us for several moments then let out the weariest sigh
I had heard from him since the week he returned to work after mom’s death. 

“Alright, I’ll hear you out.” Dad crossed his arms. “If I’m not
satisfied however, you will be signed up and serve out whatever
probation they put you on.” 

I scoffed. “Shadow Stalker or I, if she turned out to be more competent
than she’s been so far, would be dead within the day if you did that.”
Dad’s entire body went rigid at my flippant admission, so I pressed on.
“Found out today she’s the one who shoved me in the locker. Well, in her
civilian identity at least.” 

“No…” Dad’s voice was weak. 

“I’m a Thinker Danny,” Lisa murmured. “I hacked her PRT records to
confirm it. Sophia Hess is Shadow Stalker. A Ward tried to murder your
daughter and got away with it.” 

“How could this happen?” He asked, and I felt for him. 

Lisa shrugged. “Negligence on a level that suggests someone used their
power to ensure it stayed under wraps. The point is, if you sign Taylor
up they would force her to work with that monster, ignoring all of the
abuse because Taylor was a villain. Even if she had joined from the
start the worst that would have happened was that they would ship her
off to a backwater and sweep things under the rug.” 

“So, she’s untouchable?” Dad asked. His voice was stronger now, harsher,
something I had only heard from him once recently. 

It was the same tone he had when he was told the police were dropping
the investigation into the locker. 

My fury ignited and for once I kept it all to myself as my bugs remained
still. 

“No.” His head lifted up and I could feel the chill run up his spine at
what he saw. “See, that’s the beauty of being a villain. I don’t have to
concern myself with petty things like the law. If I need someone dealt
with, I have… options. Yes, Lisa may have swayed me originally, but now
that I know exactly who the ‘heroes’ employ; there’s not a chance in
hell I’m backing down.” 

Silence reigned at my declaration and Lisa held me tight, I wanted
nothing more than to melt into her embrace but I couldn’t, not yet. I
needed to hear dad’s answer. After what felt like an eternity his head
rose and I saw fire in his eyes. I felt a touch of pride in my dad when
he finally spoke, his words backed by resolve. 

“How can I help?”

Chapter End Notes

    This was my last backlog chapter. Something traumatic happened at
    work last night and it might take me a few days to get back into the
    mindset to continue writing this fic. Do know it is not dead, just
    resting for a few days.


    Chapter 19

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Lisa opens up and Danny proves he can be a good father.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes19>

My mind was, paradoxically, both blank and a swirling torrent as I
processed my father’s words. He wanted to help. He wanted to help a
villain. I wasn’t quite sure what was real anymore, and fell back into
my seat. He had always been dead set against involving himself with
anything even remotely associated with villains. Yet here he was,
wanting to help me deal with one of the bitches that made my life a
living hell. 

“He actually means it.” Lisa whispered in my ear, her eyes shimmering
with unshed tears. Dad smiled at her and she broke down. I pulled my
girlfriend in close and held her as she sobbed into my shirt. 

To Dad’s credit he began to put the leftovers away and tidy up while I
guided Lisa to the couch and held her. When he returned, it was with
bowls of ice cream for each of us. Lisa took her’s gratefully and by the
time she had finished, her tears had as well. 

“Feeling better, firefly?” I asked. 

“A bit.” She said with a tear stained smile. “I guess I’m just not used
to parents that actually give a damn. Not like mine ever did, even when
— after my brother — I was useful after I triggered, but they didn’t /
care / ; not about /me / , just about my power. That was easy enough to
see, even without my ability.” 

“Oh Lisa…” 

“My parents blamed me for my brother’s death. For not seeing the signs
that Rex was — that he was suicidal.” Her voice caught and I gave her a
reassuring squeeze. She gripped me tightly in return. “They didn’t have
to push that point hard. I blamed myself for all of it as well. It got
to the point that I triggered with the ability to never miss another
clue. Rex and I hadn’t been close, but I still should have noticed. And
those /fuckers / blamed me, yet they just did it so that they could
control me. So that they could guilt me into using my power for them.
They never gave /two shits / that their /son / was gone.” She sucked air
through her teeth, stared at the wall across from us before murmuring,
barely audible, “Sometimes I wish I had killed them before I left.” 

We were silent for some time, then dad’s voice cut through it like a
sword. 

“It sounds to me that your genetic donors didn’t deserve you.” 

Lisa looked at him and I saw her wince, so I cut in before she
overstressed her power. 

“That’s one of mom’s old sayings about shitty people like the ones you
grew up under. She liked it because it was gender neutral. They don’t
deserve the honor of being called anything better.” 

“That’s the damn truth.” Lisa said with a mirthless chuckle. “I don’t
even feel bad that I stole fifty thou from them on my way out the door.” 

Dad let out a whistle at the /almost / impressive number. Damn, one
robbery and I’m already thinking of fifty grand as a moderate amount.
Hell, if I just used bugs to carry money out from cash houses I could
probably make that much in a /week / . That was a scary thought given
how much I could probably take home within my first year if I continued
at my current pace. Shit, how long would it be before I started thinking
in terms of millions? 

“Should have taken them for more.” I muttered into Lisa’s hair. “You
deserve it far more than they do.” 

My girlfriend shrugged. “I forced them to sell a bunch of stock by
grabbing all their liquid assets and cashing out one of their credit
card’s balances before the identity fraud stuff kicked in. Damn anti-
thinker protections. Trust me, it hurt them more than it hurt me.” 

“Good for you.” Dad said, surprising both of us. 

“Pardon?” Lisa asked. 

“Not for the crime part, I’ll just pretend I didn’t hear that. You don’t
feel guilty for leaving. You seem to have moved on from how they hurt
you as best you can. That takes real strength Lisa, and for that I’m
proud of you.” 

Lisa looked at dad, her expression was conflicted at best. “How can you
just accept me? You despise villains. I corrupted your daughter.” 

“No.” Dad interjected. “You brought my daughter’s smile back. That’s
worth more to me than you could possibly know.” 

Lisa was sobbing as she laughed. I could tell her headache was getting
worse. “Danny, you’re amazing, you know that?” 

Dad came over and kneeled down in front of the sofa and looked Lisa in
the eye. “I’d say you’re pretty amazing yourself, Lisa. You were dealt a
bad hand and were treated so poorly by those that should have loved you,
yet here you are. You’re an amazing young woman, even if your career
choices are a bit suspect. Though, given this is Brockton Bay, do you
really have many other prospects?” 

My girlfriend snorted then found herself being gently pulled from my
embrace and into a hug with my dad. She broke down once again and I
moved beside her, rubbing her back as she cried into my dad’s shoulder.

I wasn’t sure how long it took for her to calm down, but eventually I
found myself once more curled up on the sofa with Lisa, some inane
comedy from the 80s playing on the TV while we just enjoyed the
atmosphere. I would occasionally catch my dad watching us from the
corner of my eye, and each time I did I saw his smile widen ever so
slightly. 

I wasn’t sure what tomorrow would bring, but for tonight? Things were
looking up. I had an amazing girl curled up in my arms. Her head was
resting on my shoulder as she snored ever so softly. Eventually dad rose
to head to bed and rather than wake my adorable firefly I settled in to
sleep beside her. 

As I dozed I felt a blanket fall over us. 

I looked up at my dad with half lidded eyes as he smiled down at us. He
placed a gentle kiss on my forehead and silently stepped away. Feeling
true contentment for the first time in almost three years, I snuggled up
against my girlfriend and let sleep take me.

Chapter End Notes

    Fistful should be back on track for daily updates again, sorry about
    that, see below for details on why I needed to take a bit of time to
    myself.

     

    So, a bit more detail on the trauma I dealt with Wednesday night.

     

    I had someone OD at work and stop breathing. I had to administer CPR
    until medical arrived. I won't describe what I saw in detail, but it
    was haunting to say the least.
    He is alive, and is likely only alive because I acted so quickly.


    Chapter 20

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor enjoys breakfast with her family.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes20>

“...a new villain now revealed to be named Skitter, an apparent Master
over bugs according to eyewitnesses. The Undersiders managed to make off
with an as-of-yet undisclosed amount from Brockton Central. Sources
within the PRT…” 

Hearing my cape name was enough to snap me from the realm of morpheus
and back into the living room. Dad was sitting in his chair, sipping on
some coffee as he watched the news with an amused smile on his face.
Shadow Stalker was frantically trying to get away from my bugs on the
screen before Grue’s darkness enveloped her. 

A quick check of my swarm placed Lisa in the kitchen where she seemed to
be working on something that I couldn’t see clearly enough through my
bugs. Their sense of smell however was driving their instincts to devour
it hard enough that I had to actively suppress the urge. 

The scene on the TV switched to a camera feed that showed my swarm as it
swirled around me when I gave my speech, thankfully there wasn’t any
audio for dad to hear. It was surreal seeing myself on the news, even if
it was just a poor quality security feed. My swarm, however, was
terrifying to see from the outside. 

“Holy shit.” I muttered as I watched my swarm in motion, moving as if it
were a single entity from some bystander’s camera phone. “That’s almost
enough to give me a new phobia.” 

“I know what you mean.” Dad said while sipping on his coffee, a smirk on
his lips. “This new villain is the stuff of nightmares.” 

“Her outfit is kinda hot though.” Lisa said as she sat beside me,
handing me a cup of hot tea with a touch of honey. 

I flicked her nose as I accepted the cup, she let out an adorable little
‘eep’ then pouted. 

“Bad Lisa, no drooling over Brockton’s latest terror.” 

“Fine, I’ll just drool over you insead.” My girlfriend said with a wink
as I groaned. 

All three of us then broke down into laughter. 

As dad calmed down I saw the glint in his eye that warned me of the
danger to come. “Lisa, if you keep this up I’ll have to break out my
most embarrassing stories from when I was your age.” 

Lisa stared at him blankly for just an instant as her power navigated
that minefield before her eyes shot open wide. “Message received loud
and clear Danny.” 

Lisa gave him a mock salute and turned her attention back to the TV,
nursing her own cup as the newscast ran through some of the Undersiders’
greatest moments from before I joined. Watching Regent strap a ‘kick me’
sign to a frozen Clockblocker had me cackling to my company’s amusement.
I could almost imagine the Ward's angry eyes tracking Regent as he hung
the sign.

Soon the oven dinged and Lisa hopped up to attend to her cooking. A few
minutes later she returned with plates full of a breakfast casserole and
crescent rolls. One bite and I was in heaven. 

“Holy shit, Lisa, you can cook!” 

My girlfriend snorted. “Contrary to what that snob Alec may say, I do
know my way around a kitchen.” 

As dad took his own bite I watched him practically melt in appreciation.
Clearly he was enjoying it as much as I was. We devoured our meals in
relative silence aside from the odd noises of approval. 

The news shifted from the story on how Vista and Kid Win had captured
Uber and Leet after their ill prepared attempt at replicating some Aleph
game involving crates and monkeys. That story was followed by an Amber
Alert on the mayor’s niece who disappeared during recess. Poor kid, if I
had been of a more heroic inclination I might have looked deeper into
it, but that’s what our taxes pay the heroes for. 

Unfortunately it came time for dad to head in for work and for me to
shower, then go to school. I wasn’t looking forward to the return after
such a short reprieve, but I couldn’t give in. It helped knowing that if
it came down to it, dad would back me up completely. Lisa caught the bus
with me and skipped her own transfer to remain with me just a bit
longer. We stayed cuddled until the bus pulled into the hell on earth
that was Winslow. 

“See you at the market after school?” Lisa asked as I departed. 

“Yeah, I’ll be on the first bus there barring any self destructive
tendencies from a certain trio.” 

She chuckled and graced me with a warm smile as the bus door closed and
pulled away with my firefly. Once she had fallen out of my range I took
a deep breath of the spring air and steeled myself for the day to come.

Chapter End Notes

    Taylor's getting some needed downtime before the next disaster
    strikes. I'll be keeping to canon events somewhat for a while yet,
    so you can probably guess what's to come, just don't expect it to be
    dealt with in the canon fashion.

    A bit more details on what happened Wednesday while remaining
    reasonably vague. The OD wasn't a coworker, it was a resident. I
    work as security for the place.


    Chapter 21

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor returns to school.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes21>

“You actually showed up.” 

I looked up from my math book to behold the sneering visage of my former
best friend and her now rumored lover. Sophia was free of crabs, no
doubt thanks to Panacea who likely assumed it was my handiwork. She was
looking a little worse for wear after an unfortunate accident on the
track field this morning when a yellow jacket had stung her during one
of her sprints and she tripped. So tragic. 

“You know, it’s kinda funny how the two of you are the only ones that
noticed I was out yesterday thanks to your latest fucked up little prank.” 

Emma blinked but Sophia narrowed her eyes in suspicion. 

“What prank?” Emma asked. 

My visage turned indignant as I stared down my tormentors. “The rain of
bugs? I had to spend hours in therapy yesterday because it /triggered /
a flashback to when you fuckers shoved me into the locker.” 

Now Sophia was looking at me almost as though she were appraising me, or
sizing me up. Maybe that had been too direct of a hint but I needed her
to pay too much attention to the obvious right now. 

“Rain of… That wasn’t us.” 

“Sure it wasn’t, just like the locker wasn’t. I suppose you never stole
my homework, shoved me down the stairs or desecrated my mother’s flute
either. Frankly, I’m just fucking done with all of it. Congratulations
Emma, you’ve won.” 

“What do you mean ‘won’?” Sophia demanded, tensing as though expecting a
fight. 

“I’m going for my GED in the first week of May, after that I’ll be gone
from your life forever.” 

Emma snorted. “Like you have the grades for that given how often you
fail to hand in assignments.” 

I sighed. “If my grades actually mattered, you might have a point.
Fortunately the testing is at Arcadia and I scored a passing grade on
the mock test on the government website. Turns out I’m actually fairly
competent without your sabotage, go figure.” 

“Aww, are you selling your body for private lessons?” Emma asked with a
sickly sweet tone. It made my skin crawl. 

“Nothing so crass, just studying with a friend at the library.” A
thought occurred and I smirked while running a hand down my body.
“Though, Lisa probably wouldn’t mind if I offered. I do seem to be a bit
of a distraction for her.” 

“You’re gay?” Sophia asked. Perfect. 

“Duh, Emma and I dated for years before you stole her away from me.” I
looked Sophia over like she was a piece of meat. “Though, I can’t say I
blame her entirely, because damn. Still makes her a shallow bitch; oh
well, better you than me.” 

Emma was frozen in place as she stared off into space. Have fun
untangling that one ya cunt! Sophia however was beyond pissed as she
glared me down. I was honestly surprised she hadn’t escalated to
violence, it wasn’t like the teacher would have cared even if he hadn’t
left the classroom ten minutes ago. It would be quite simple for her to
get away with whatever she had wanted to do. 

Rather than drag this farce out and risk Sophia getting pissed enough to
try something, I instead slipped my backpack over my shoulders and stood. 

“I can’t say the last two years were fun, or that I’ll miss either of
you, but you did teach me a valuable lesson.” 

“And what would that be?” Sophia demanded. 

“That when someone shows you their true face, accept they were a monster
and move on, rather than hope your former love returns to you. Hopefully
you never have to learn that lesson like I did, Sophia. I wish you all
the happiness that was denied to me. Failing that, rot in hell,
girlfriend stealing bitch.” 

As I walked off leaving the stunned pair in silence I found myself
humming. Emma’s crabs had plenty of time to migrate back to Sophia once
again and I’d hidden an egg sac bearing brown recluses in her bag.
Hopefully she enjoyed my parting gift. I’d swing by her house later
tonight to ensure they were properly set up to cause chaos. 

Was it petty? Yes.

Was it cathartic? Fuck yes. 

On the way out I spread the lice infestation to Blackwell. Hopefully
that would prompt the damn school wide check already, I was getting
tired of baiting things out with less than subtle hints at this point. I
had a deadline after all. 

I needed Sophia to run to her bosses and report that Skitter attends
Winslow, maybe even name drop me. When she finally got off her ass and
did as I wanted her to do, I could simply point at the locker and watch
the fireworks. 

Likely with a bowl of popcorn and Lisa by my side.

Chapter End Notes

    Stations of canon continue to be important but the butterflies
    spread their wings, and not in a way Glenn would approve of.

    Also, shameless plug for my girlfriend's deliciously dark lesbian
    Star Wars fic. Star Wars Jedi: Corrupted Order
    https://archiveofourown.org/works/34290301/chapters/85316860


    Chapter 22

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor buys some clothes.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

I met Brian, Alec and my girlfriend at the market. The weekend stalls
were all set up and everything was in full swing. As I walked up and
finally got a look at my second favorite teammate I had to resist the
urge to full on cackle at the sight. 

Alec was wearing a Panacea branded white shirt with the words ‘don’t
taze me bro’ embroidered below her signature red cross. Behind him I
could see the stall had several of the shirts in various sizes available
for purchase. 

Fuck it. I laughed like a Saturday Morning villain. 

“Nope. Still pants-wetting terrifying even without the costume.” Alec
said pleasantly. “I take it my choice of attire meets your approval, my
terrifying compatriot?” 

“Absolutely.” I said while wiping away a very real tear. “Think they
would be willing to make a Glory Girl shirt that says ‘I took her sister
hostage and all I got was this lousy t-shirt’?” 

A moment of silence, then all four of us were laughing like idiots.
People were beginning to stare but we didn’t care one bit. If anyone
made a big deal of it there was always the Biblical option that my swarm
afforded me. 

Needless to say, once we calmed down, Lisa requested such a shirt to be
made. When the poor teen running the stall asked why she would want a
shirt like that she hooked a thumb at Alec. 

“This idiot bet me fifty bucks that he could get Regent and Panacea to
sign his shirt before I got Skitter and Glory Girl to sign mine.” 

“Girl, you two are insane.” The boy said with a shake of his head, but
he got to work and after twenty minutes of mindless browsing, she had
the shirt and promptly gifted it to me. 

Naturally I put it on over my tank top. Some things just needed to be
said with a custom made novelty shirt. I couldn’t help but wonder if we
could get away with swinging by the Dallon’s and flaunting the shirts a
bit… 

“Oh, idea!” I put in a request for a second shirt with the text 'My
sister was taken hostage and all I got was this lousy t-shirt' in a
men’s medium, because it wasn’t fucking fair how that size seemed to fit
EVERYONE. I also bought one of the already made Panacea shirts to go
along with it. 

Regent watched me in quiet amusement as Lisa fought against her urge to
cackle. She may have been a cheating Thinker, but she was my Thinker
dammit and she knew not to spoil this one. The hornets hovering
strategically around her had nothing to do with it. Honest!

I bought two small shipping envelopes that would fit the shirts, grabbed
some of the card stock and hand wrote two messages to be paired with the
shirts and tucked them in with them and sealed things up. From there
Lisa took over without even needing me to ask and filled out the
addresses on both. She pulled the required stamps from her purse and
slapped them on there before dropping them in one of the post boxes. 

“Okay, what was all that about?” Brian asked with genuine curiosity. 

I shrugged, fighting down the urge to laugh as well. “Thought GG and
PanPan might want in on the joke, so I mailed them their own shirts.” 

“You didn’t.” Alec said as his face split into an ear to grin. 

Lisa lost it. “She totally did!” 

Alec spun around, his eyes almost sparkling. “Just how important is
monogamy to you?”

A single wasp landed on his nose as an answer to his question. 

“On that note.” Alec turned to Brian. “Some of the stuff over there
looks very interesting! Let’s go check it out away from the mastermind
and know it all. Meet up at Fugly’s by six!” 

I watched as Brian was dragged away by Alec, muttering under his breath
the whole way. I just laughed and clasped Lisa’s hand in my own,
interlinking our fingers and pulled her off in the opposite direction.
It didn’t take long for Lisa to pull me into a clothing store. 

I sighed in relief as even on first glance the prices were much closer
to the realm of what mere mortals could afford. As we browsed Lisa made
it obvious that she was fully intent on ensuring I had no excuses to
offer when she torched my old wardrobe in ceremonial fire. 

Lisa moved swiftly, grabbing things left and right that she knew would
fit though she did decide to subject me to playing model for one
particular outfit. A yellow sundress with black accents with a wide
brimmed white hat. There was an amusing bit of irony there that I just
had to indulge in. 

When I gave her a twirl her eyes seemed to glaze over a bit as she
pushed me back into the changing room and furiously made out with me. It
was exhilarating to know that anyone could walk in on us and I was
almost tempted to take things a bit further than we had before. I’d even
gone as far as removing my bugs from the employees to add to the thrill. 

I really shouldn’t have been surprised when one of them poked their head
in just as I’d snaked my hand up Lisa’s shirt. The tan skinned girl
simply grinned and winked before withdrawing herself. 

Having been busted, Lisa and I divested ourselves of each other and
straightened out our clothes before stepping out of the fitting room.
The still grinning girl was waiting for us, and while she was cute, she
was also at least college aged. What followed was an amusing
conversation as she took us to a register and got us rung up. 

We swapped contact info while Lisa grinned her trademark vulpine smile
as I added Sabah to my contacts. She was very much looking forward to
talking with like minded people close to her own age since it was so
hard to find openly ‘out’ individuals in the Nazi capital of America. 

Laden down with enough clothes to ensure that the pyre would be lit the
next time Lisa came home with me, we browsed the stalls. It was nearly
time to meet back up with the boys at Fugly’s when a pendant caught my eye. 

It was a silver firefly with a topaz set for the light. It was simply
stunning, a perfect gift for my own firefly. 

Naturally, I bought it. 

I turned to Lisa who was wide eyed as I clasped it around her neck. She
held it up in wonder for a moment then let it drop as she pulled me into
an embrace and locked her lips with mine in full view of everyone. I
guess she liked it. 

As we walked to Fugly’s hand in hand I heard a very recognizable wolf
whistle coming from Alec. He had sunglasses on and never opened his
mouth after the initial whistle.

The kid was learning, which meant I could escalate!


    Chapter 23: Omake: A Gift of Love by Slider

Chapter Summary

    Amy and Vicky get mail.

Chapter Notes

    Omake written by Slider, beta by GreyRaven and Pendragoon

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes23>

“Amy! You got a package!” Vicky yelled. It was a rare day that her
sister took off healing. Not that it was voluntary. Something,
something, contractual requirement, something, underage labor laws. She
had stopped trying to make sense of the legalese of the hospitals when
her mother started arguing /against / them sending Amy home.

60 hours per week really should be enough, even for Carol Dallon. Vicky
was convinced that Amy didn’t sleep most nights. The sooner she got them
both out of this house, the better. What Amy absolutely did not need was
more stress.

Like that new nightmare masquerading as a villain. Ugh! She was so /
smug / , with her stupid arrogance, and her stupid edgy costume, and her
stupid well-toned figure, and her stupid intelligent planning!

Vicky was going to get that bitch back. Somehow. Skitter deserved it!

“Who the hell sent /me / a package?” Amy asked, walking into the room, a
frown on her features. She grabbed the proffered envelope from Vicky and
moved to the coffee table. “Matches yours too. New Wave admirers, you
think?”

“My bet is it’s something for the ball.”

“What ball?”

Vicky groaned. “The Arcadia Spring Formal? In two weeks? Seriously?
Carlos was going to go with you, Ames. Did Regent mess with you that
bad? Was it Tattletale? Did she say something before I got there? Just
tell me what happened, Ames and I can make sure to get them back for it
three-fold the next time.”

“Tattletale? What about Tattletale? I didn’t say anything about
Tattletale. Who said something about Tattletale? Not me. I don’t care
about Tattletale. I don’t give a fuck about Tattletale or her beautiful
hair or her beautiful costume. Why are you asking me about Tattletale?”

Vicky blinked and stared at her sister. “Did you even breathe once?”

“I - er - What did you get?!” Amy nearly shouted, waving the envelope in
her hand at Vicky’s own.

“Um.” Vicky shook her head and put Amy’s odd reaction out of her mind.
She’d ask about it later. There were far more important mysteries to
solve at the moment. Like just what…this…was… 

“What. The. /Fuck / .”

The packaging slipped from her fingers as she numbly held up the shirt
that had been inside.

Amy’s eyes widened. Wordlessly, she tore at her own wrapping. As it too
fell to the floor Vicky could almost hear her jaw creaking in protest as
her teeth ground together.

“I’m going to give them cancer.”

Vicky shifted slightly and reread Amy’s shirt. “ /Don’t taze / …You
know…I hate to say it, but, yours is…kind of…”

“I will give /you / cancer.”

“How about we just beat them up until they cry next time?” Vicky asked.

“ /Yes / .”

“Stupid sexy Skitter,” Vicky muttered. “Point to you, you stupid, smart,
worthy nemesis bitch. Just wait until I find you and make you beg.”

Villains were horrible, horrible people. Skitter was /definitely / a
horrible, horrible person. No normal villain had a sense of humor quite
like…this. Villains weren’t supposed to have a sense of humor. 

Yup, Skitter was evil.

Pure evil.

Chapter End Notes

    Posted with permission. Totally not jumping around like an anime
    girl on meth right now over how excited I am. >_>


    Chapter 24

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Oh hell... Taylor, no...

    TAYLOR YES!!!!

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes24>

While we ate I couldn’t help but wonder about the policy on tackling the
Challenger while in costume. Skitter could certainly do it if I abused
my little clone trick from the bank to let my swarm do the eating for
me. It would be hilarious and gross as fuck for anyone with the
misfortune to be watching. 

The TV in the corner was running the evening news, which was still
focused on our exploits, the Protectorate had released their statement.
The amount we got away with was again downplayed as was how badly we had
thrashed the Wards. Their capture of Uber and Leet was pushed to the
forefront instead. 

Still, there was much praise being tossed around for the lack of
civilian injuries from the robbery. I supposed they did need to
overshadow just how much property damage Glory Girl had dealt out in her
tantrum, because she was being given an equal share of it for rescuing
her own sister from the terrifying bug Master. 

At least there was no doubt that Skitter would be a household name
within the week, the Bay would also be likely to see an uptick in cases
of entomophobia. The new footage of Sophia being swarmed had been
delightfully clear. Cell phone cameras just kept getting better and
better. 

“I wonder how the public would react if they heard that both Wards
needed Panacea’s care for Brown Recluse bites?” 

“Probably the same way they will when they hear we made off with sixty
thousand rather than ten.” Alec said with a shrug. 

“Hopefully we didn’t overinflate our reputation.” Brian said, sipping on
a milkshake. “I doubt they’ll come at us with kid gloves next time.” 

I stole one of Lisa’s fries much to her outrage. “Maybe we should
renegotiate our rates with the boss if he’s going to be sending us on
these high profile jobs.” 

“He might go for it.” Lisa said with a harsh glare as I stole another.
Had to keep practicing my craft after all. “We’ll need to demonstrate it
wasn’t a fluke at the very least, so one more job should do it.” 

“Seems simple enough.” Alec said as he too stole one of my girlfriend’s
fries. “We keep kicking ass and taking things.” 

“Like my fries?” Lisa asked, almost sickly sweet. 

“Exactly!” He answered enthusiastically. 

“Didn’t the ABB get a new Cape? A bomb maker?” I asked, Lisa nodded
while her eyes narrowed. “So, I steal a few of her bombs, take them out
to the rig with a couple of crabs and boom goes the rig’s support and
the Protectorate is out one iconic base!” 

“They blame it on her, but the boss would know…” Brian actually seemed
to be considering it, which surprised the hell out of me. He was
supposed to be the voice of reason! 

“Lisa, your girl is really fucking terrifying. You sure you can’t
share?” Alec asked before taking a sip from his milkshake.

Lisa reached over and squeezed his cup, causing him to cough and snort a
bunch out his nose. “No. She’s mine.” 

I couldn’t help but blush at such a firm declaration from my girlfriend.  

I was halfway to stealing one of Alec’s fries when screaming erupted
from the TV. The broadcast was live from Brockton Central and I saw Oni
Lee staring into the camera before he spun it around to face a teen
girl. I couldn’t help but notice how similar her hair was to my own,
maybe just a shade lighter and a bit straighter. She was just as tall as
I was, maybe a senior at Arcadia or Immaculata. 

“Somehow, this is your fault.” Brian said as he elbowed Alec. 

My attention however was entirely on the TV as I pushed every emotion
roiling within me into my swarm. The girl was crying as Oni Lee handed
her a piece of paper and I watched the girl that could have passed as my
sister tried to compose herself enough to follow instructions. She was
trembling something fierce as she held the paper. 

“S-Skitter.” She barely managed to say. “This is a message. You took
Lung from us, so in return, we have taken your B-Bitch.” 

Lisa sucked in a breath and was frantically mashing the keys on her
touchscreen as the girl continued. 

“If you want her back, then surrender yourself to one of our men. You
know where to find them. If you fail to do so we will begin detonating
bombs every hour until you do so, or someone deliver’s your h-head to
us. To show that we aren’t fucking around-” 

Her voice cut off as she clenched her head and screamed in primal agony.
Her skin began to roll away like melting butter as the girl dissolved
into sludge on live TV. The broadcast was cut seconds later. 

Several within the restaurant had started to vomit, but we were up and
leaving. If not for my detachment thanks to my bugs channeling my
disgust I would have probably been among them. 

That girl had been killed because she looked vaguely enough like Skitter
to sell the show. Silently I moved the ABB to the top of my list. A feat
considering my orientation and the literal Nazi Empire in my city. 

Lisa pulled her phone to her ear as it rang. “Bakuda.” She muttered
softly as we walked back towards the loft. “You have our teammate.” 

“Our threat was not an idle one. You will deliver your bug bitch or else.” 

Lisa and I shared a look. “Eleven P.M. The old storage facility by the
train yards. We’ll be there. If Rachel isn’t alive and unaltered I’ll
release everything I have on you, Alice.” She hung up before Bakuda
could answer. 

“Lisa, call the boss.” I said coldly. “I have an example to make.” 

She swallowed as the color left her face then nodded. When I heard a
voice answer her I snatched the phone away. 

“Hello boss, this is Skitter. How much would you pay us to end the ABB
tonight?”

Chapter End Notes

    Remember what I said about stations of canon? This is one of the
    last ones left before our Escalation Queen dismantles them all.


    Chapter 25

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor negotiates with a stacked deck.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes25>

It was ten forty five and we were all in costume on the outskirts of the
storage facility.  We were waiting for the signal, and had been waiting
for almost an hour now.  Every ten minutes Tattletale would receive a
one word text, the five previous texts had all read standby.  

For Lisa and I however, we were getting a live audio feed from Coil,
telling us exactly what was happening in his alternate reality as he
called it.  He hadn't wanted to give it to us, but when Lisa told him
point blank how his power worked, he relented.

I had my bugs tagged on every person Bakuda had brought with her,
internally marking them with a designation.  In front of me was a rough
map of the storage area divided into a numbered grid.  I had ants acting
as a real time map display for my team, and a roach representing Bakuda.  

We were playing to win on this run, either we would be unsuccessful and
this version of me would disappear or this run would succeed and we
would stay on standby as events played out.  Hopefully if we did fail it
provided that last bit of new information for the next attempt to
succeed.  We had a deadline of eleven P.M.  to meet Bakuda, and time was
ticking.   

I grimaced when the otherwise flawless run was shattered when Regent
took a stray bullet from thug number thirteen.  One that proved fatal. 
I directed a swarm of bees to be ready to engulf him and prevent that
mishap on the next attempt.  

Coil’s power was proving invaluable as we now knew of four different
traps, three different ambushes that she had kept hidden from my bugs
initially, as well as where she was holding Bitch.  There was also the
tiny detail of a deadman switch that had forced a change of plans.  

I took more than a little pleasure in knowing that I had managed to kill
her at least once.  Turn a girl to goo in MY city and get away with it? 
Guess again fucker.  

Ten forty nine ticked over and Lisa had her phone in hand while Grue,
Regent and I got back into position and I relayed the slight tweaks to
the plan from the last prep.  Lisa and I had given Brian and Alec the
broad strokes of Coil’s ability, but were being kept out of the full
loop.  Brian was pissed about that, but that wasn’t my call to make. 
Not yet at least.  

Ten fifty ticked over and her phone dinged.  “Go.” 

Throwaway or not, this run mattered, I would give it my all, it was the
only way this would work.  Thousands of insects reacted at the same
moment, stinging with impunity.  Three different swarms engulfed
specific goons to incapacitate.  Spiders spun silk to jam guns and begin
tying up thugs.  

Grue’s darkness blossomed forth as my swarm moved within it.  The
unfortunate souls guarding Bitch never knew what hit them as three
bullet ants dropped them in silent, screaming agony.  How the boss had
found someone with a colony in the Bay on such short notice was a
question I didn’t bother to ask.  I did however ask to make sure I got a
colony for myself.  A girl needed her minions after all.  

All while this was going on, I had a swarm clone calmly approach Bakuda
with all the flies and roaches I could muster to provide the
intimidation factor.  

“Where’s Bitch?” My swarm demanded.  

Bakuda launched into a speech that I already knew would contain little
of import.  Our first attempt had me approach her personally, that
attempt had apparently ended in my death when the bomb under my feet
created a micro black hole.  My swarm played up the banter, Bakuda had
one hell of an ego and it was all too easy to feed into it.  We rescued
Bitch without incident this time and none of her thugs had been alerted.  

“Bakuda.” My swarm spoke as additional clones stepped out from the
shadows, while still more formed before her eyes.  “You’ve failed once
again.” 

Her once fluid performative gestures turned stilted in an instant as I
poked at her trigger event.  

“The PRT captured Oni Lee.” My swarm spoke.  We had tracked him in the
first throw away while en route to set this up and used it to call in
his location.  “Velocity and Miss Militia took him down before he could
assault the rig and free Lung.” 

My bugs chittered in mock laughter and she detonated the bomb under
their feet.  

“You’ve always been a failure, Alice.” Another detonation killed more
bugs.  “We have Bitch, all your men are disabled and I really don’t give
a damn about your dead man’s switch.  You can surrender, or die.  Make
your decision.” 

“I’m running a new split here.” Coil said over my headset as I helped
Grue tend to some of Bitch’s scrapes and bruises.  “Accept her surrender
if offered.  Your counterpart has just lethally dosed her with Black
Widow venom and is in the clear with no injuries or casualties.” 

What felt like an hour of tense standoff, wondering if at any moment I
would simply cease to exist, before Bakuda seemed to deflate.  She began
to take off various pieces of her gear, being especially careful with
her bandolier of grenades.  Then she tore her mask off and tossed it
aside.  

“Boots and toe rings too.” My swarm said as Coil warned me of them. 
Lisa came through, even in alternate realities!  Bakuda cursed, but
complied.  

“I have men enroute to secure her.  New split at this point, be ready to
administer a lethal dose if needed.” Coil said.  “Inform her of the
incoming pickup then stand by.” 

“Understood.” My real body spoke.  

Lisa and I were holding hands as I handled the situation from afar. 
Bitch was grouchy but whole and able to walk on her own.  I was just
thankful she hadn’t had a dog with her when they took her, that would
have added all kinds of complications to the rescue op.  

The men arrived and my clones allowed them entry.  One of the mercs from
the gun range was with them.  He was the only one that didn’t seem
absolutely terrified of my swarm, which meant he probably figured things
out.  I should ask Lisa to see if Minor was amenable to a new boss or
not.  

They secured her and put a sack over her head.  Minor injected something
into her neck before they dragged the now unconscious Tinker back to the
car and eventually drove off.  I let out a sigh of relief as our part in
the events was concluded.  

“Bakuda is secure.” Coil said moments later.  “You’ve done well Skitter,
Tattletale.  I will be contacting you in the coming days with a
proposition of sorts.” 

The line went dead and Lisa shuddered, I wrapped her in a crushing
embrace.  He would likely be gaming various negotiations for the best
results, seeing what he could and couldn’t reveal to us safely.  The man
was paranoid to a fault, and knowing his power made me a liability. 
That was why I would be the most useful damn pawn I could be until we
were in a position to bring him to heel and I could guarantee my Firefly
no longer had a gun held to her head.  

I didn’t feel bad about condemning a nineteen year old girl to becoming
Coil’s Tinker slave.  She was a monster and fully deserved that and
worse.  The only concession I managed to secure on that front was the
promise that if any of her inventions might be effective on an
Endbringer, they would be volunteered for such.  Plus, she would be my
Tinker once I displaced Coil, so I could think of it as an investment
for my future!  

I just had to hope it was all worth it. 

Chapter End Notes

    Taylor, working for insane Bond villains has consequences, you know
    this, right?
    ...
    Right?
    Why are you cackling?
    Oh hell.


    Chapter 26

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Tay rocks Somer's Rock

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

    Chapter has been edited from its original release due to feedback as
    well as my lack of sleep when I went over it prior to uploading
    leading to several issues.

    7-14-22 - Chapter has been partially rewritten as I resumed work on
    this fic.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes26>

Somer’s Rock was the dive bar to end all dives.  The place should have
been condemned and I wasn’t surprised in the slightest by how many
roaches were in the kitchen.  I now shared a horror with Lisa in that
regard, knowing exactly how infested a restaurant truly was.  How she
ate fast food at all astounded me.  

The place was considered neutral ground for the city’s villains and had
been in use since the days of Marquis and Allfather.  It had also been
the site of the infamous meeting where Jack Slash crashed the party. 
The knife cuts had been left in place for posterity.  

Ever since our fight with Bakuda on Friday evening, bombs had been
detonating with surprising regularity across the city.  The targets
appeared random at first glance, but each and every one was hitting a
known or suspected holding of the E88, Merchants, Coil or the PRT.  

I knew for a fact that all of Coil’s losses were fully planned for.  

Just the prior night Coil informed me that I had done some recon for him
on the rig, reporting back several gaps in the defenses.   He told us
that he had a team deliver diversionary charges to the points I had
outlined.   Lisa took one look at the plan he delivered and knew he was
lying about the payload.   It was a Bakuda bomb, and a nasty one based
on her intuition.   I didn’t want to chance things being as bad as they
could be, and had a team of crabs locate the devices and relocate them
far enough away that the damage wouldn’t be enough to destroy the rig
completely.

While I liked being a villain, straight up hitting the Protectorate home
base with tinkertech bombs was a bit further than I was comfortable
with.  Coil managed to ensure there would be a drill at the time of the
attack though, or so he insisted.  The possibility of collateral damage
was low and we’d be able to hit Lung, still make it seem like this was
Bakuda’s work, and accomplish whatever his own plan was in the
meantime.  It wasn’t a bad idea in principle, I just planned to mitigate
the risk to the people there.

If a few of the people were hurt, I could… live with that.  They had to
know what kind of person Sophia was, and they still chose to shelter
her.  I didn’t want to murder them, and anything short of death would
see Panacea called in right away.   They would be fine.

I just had to keep telling myself that. 

Besides, Coil would never let us keep this timeline once the bombs went
off.  It was too loud and he was too much of a cautious person.  He’d
have a safe version playing out beside this flashy option.  We were just
here to gather data.  Data on the heroes, data on the villains’
reactions, data on /my / reactions.  How far was I willing to go? 
Apparently far enough.

It might be a throwaway, but, well, I /was / still willing to do it.

Using crabs to ferry the bombs away from the critical areas of the rig
had been a surprisingly simple affair, even with their increased
security.  When Lung swam ashore he’d faced me once more.  It could
hardly be called a fight thanks to him having plenty of time to lose his
dragon mojo.  In the end Lung was down an arm and both legs from the
resulting carnage.  I’d have to thank Coil for the exotic bugs he was
now providing me, they made the fight so much smoother.

The Rig’s bombs themselves - they were definitely flashy.  After seeing
the old oil platform tilting on its side, half sunk, and the scattered
report that the Director herself was listed as missing, I knew for
certain that I wasn’t going to exist in a few hours.  If the Director
had been hurt, then the attention would be laser-focused and he wouldn’t
want that.  His plan for the villain meet-and-greet made much more sense
in that light.

Still… That Director Piggot had gone ‘missing’ in the attack was…
convenient.

In light of the ongoing attacks, Kaiser had called for a truce meeting
to coordinate a response to Bakuda before the Protectorate brought in
the big guns and mopped up the rest of the villains as collateral.  I
did not find the idea of Legend and Eidolon rolling into town
particularly appealing.  Alexandria though… 

I was shaken out of my musing by the start of the meeting as Kaiser
brought everything to order.  Coil was in attendance - via a body double
of course.  In the version of the meeting that Lisa and I knew was safe,
I sat alongside Grue at the main table while Skidmark bitched about a
newcomer by the name of Trickster being offered a seat.  He stormed off
in a huff when everyone told him exactly what we thought of his pathetic
excuse for a gang.  

Only Lisa and I knew that the Travelers worked for Coil.  The price for
being brought into his inner circle was that we had to maintain a degree
of separation from the rest of the Undersiders.  Hopefully that
arrangement would be wholly temporary, because I hated having to hide
things from my friends.  

In the flashy destruction version, I sat and waited a block away for a
signal, the Undersiders and Travelers having skipped the meeting entirely.  

The shindig was painfully dull, everyone recounting what they thought
they knew while Coil skillfully directed the conversation to gain what
knowledge he could about what each team could field.  Kaiser negotiated
the terms of engagement we would operate under and Coil secured
Faultline on retainer.  

I was almost disappointed that the meeting was so similar in both
timelines - just minus our presence of course - as Coil fed Lisa and I
the relevant information from the safe one while we watched the meeting
in our version unfold.  The villains would all coordinate their actions
in a search grid as they stripped the ABB of everything it had.  The
territory would later be negotiated over after the threat had ended, but
we all knew better.  It would simply be another war.  

It was then that the signal was given and something fell from the
ceiling.  It was a dead crab with multiple devices stuck to it.  There
was a pregnant pause before the room erupted into motion for the
briefest of moments before light flashed and the entire building turned
into glass.  

It took me another minute to move new bugs back into the room, and what
I saw sent a shiver down my spine.  Not one villain in attendance had
escaped the blast.  Without his two secret gangs there, Coil’s only lost
asset was his body double.  The /other / gangs however… Faultline’s crew
would only have Spitfire and Labyrinth left.  The Merchants were wiped
out, and the Empire… Kaiser, Fenja, Menja, Victor, Othala, Hookwolf,
Alabaster, and Krieg were all dead and gone.  That left Crusader, Rune,
Cricket and Stormtiger on the active roster.  Easy enough to mop up in
the chaos to follow.  

Assuming Coil decided to keep this reality of course.  It was such a
bold option.  

A part of me hoped he would.  Yes, he had just killed over a dozen
people, but on the flip side, there could be real change in the Bay.

He never would though.  I knew, Lisa knew it.  Coil knew it.  

It was a good thing too; even if they had been evil bastards, that was
coldblooded what he had done and it was a weight on my conscience at
knowing I had helped with it in some way.  

Coil told us to return to the loft and wait things out.  He would
continue to run both splits to see what the fallout of the decision to
run the bombing and end the majority of the villains in the Bay would
result in.  Lisa held me tight, both of us hoping that he wouldn’t erase
this timeline.  It was cruel of me, but the villains were all but gone
and the city was open for real reform. 

The thing that scared me however, Coil had ensured that my hands were
involved in each incident, and no doubt he had proof that could link it
back to us. 

So maybe I wasn’t as prepared for the possibility that this could end up
being real as I had convinced myself.  Everything we knew said it /
shouldn’t / , but there was still a /chance /.   It would be on me as
much as Coil if he screwed us, and the world would think he was dead. 

Fuck.

He was going to keep this timeline, and the threat of screwing us over
would ensure we stayed in line, my control of crabs was supposed to be a
secret, only Lisa knew about it.  Coil must have gotten the information
in some throw away at some point.  It was coldblooded and brilliant in
many ways. 

Worse, he had killed his own body double.  

It sent a clear message.

He wasn’t afraid to kill his own people to further his goals, and that
none of us were ever truly safe.  This wasn’t a game anymore, and
really, it never was.  Coil needed to die sooner than later, so I needed
to prove myself indispensable to whatever plans came next, because once
I met him in person, I could begin to plot his downfall. 

As the final hour approached Lisa leaned in and whispered.  “I’m almost
certain this is the timeline he’s going to keep, so what do you say to
living it up?” 

I couldn’t help but look up at my girlfriend and grin.  “Oh?  Taking the
lead tonight are you?” 

“Well, I know my other self is convinced of the same thing, that they
will be the one kept.  It’s too safe and avoids the chaos that is going
on out there.  So she knows I’m gonna do this and is probably trying to
preempt me and I’ll be damned if she beats me to it.” 

I couldn’t help but laugh, though it was a dark thing.  “Lisa, less
logic loop and more tongue loop.” 

“But you don’t get it-” 

I cut her off with a deep kiss, focusing wholly on my girlfriend rather
than the swirling thoughts wrecking my mind like one of Bakuda’s bombs
and let things progress from there to their logical conclusion.  

As we laid there basking in the afterglow the clock ticked down.  Soon
we would either get the call that he had kept this side of the split, or
we would simply cease to exist.  Oddly enough, an hour of heaven with
Lisa had done much to dissuade my apprehensions about whether I would
soon blink out of existence.

It was with those thoughts swirling through my head that the clock
ticked over, and Lisa’s phone rang. 

Chapter End Notes

    And boom goes canon.

    Tomorrow's chapter may be delayed by a day as I didn't get to type
    it up thanks to working a 16 hour shift last night.


    Chapter 27

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor moves Coil to the top of her List.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

    Prior chapter has been heavily edited, please check out the changes
    before reading this one.
    Apologies for pushing the escalation button so hard, so fast and not
    taking the time to smooth over the build up. Lesson learned.
    The events are still more or less the same, because changing that
    part doesn't feel right, but the reasoning behind everything saw the
    biggest shift. When taken with the events of this chapter, I hope it
    gets the story back on track.

    Coil's days are numbered.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes27>

“...and in other news, rescue efforts are still ongoing at the
Protectorate ENE Headquarters in Brockton Bay this afternoon.  The
bombing yesterday, undertaken by the Parahuman Terrorist Bakuda, has
left the converted oil rig half sunken into the bay.  Officials state
that the official death toll is currently 37, and the number of injured
who have been rescued stands at 49, leaving 28 people unaccounted for. 
Among their number is the recent Ward Graduate Triumph as well as PRT
Director, Emily Piggot.

“Rebecca Costa-Brown, Chief Director of the PRT, issued a statement this
morning condemning, in the strongest of terms, the ongoing
indiscriminate attacks on the city as the actions of a deranged
terrorist.  Stating that the PRT would ‘not rest until this dangerous
parahuman was brought to justice.’”

“That motherfucker,” I whispered, as Lisa stared in equal horror at the
screen from my side.  The news was playing in the background while she
was talking with Coil on the phone.  Listening to his smooth voice as he
described that this was really ‘the best possible option’.  He was going
on about how my alter ego was being praised for stopping Bakuda’s
attempt to jailbreak Lung.  How that, coupled with the defanging of most
of the rest of the gang population in the city was a win worth keeping. 
“Ongoing drill my ass.”

The news was making it explicitly clear just how badly Coil had fucked
me over.  He could pretty it up, but what he said and what he meant were
two very different things.  I’d been listening to Emma long enough to
realize when someone was talking out their ass and making up
justifications.  His reasons were platitudes to keep us in line while he
held the cards.  At any moment he could grease the right palms with
doctored footage of how the bombs got onto the Rig, and instead of
Bakuda suddenly it would be me on the chopping block.  He probably
thought I didn’t realize that.  That I was too stupid to see how deep
his betrayal was running.  Too bad for him that I was used to betrayal
at this point.  I knew the signs.  I had known going in that I might end
up actually having to deal with the bombs going off.  I had been -
mostly - prepared for that.  But this…Coil had broken his word to me -
every word, every assurance, every promise had been a half-truth or
straight up lie.  

I seriously doubted he’d even tried to get a single person off the Rig
before detonating the bombs.  And on top of that, the damage was
supposed to be gradual, allowing people to evacuate and not… this. 
People weren’t supposed to die by the dozens.  

If I hadn’t sabotaged them, how worse would it have been?

I’d accepted that there might be deaths when he outlined the plan,
justified it by reminding myself this was the throw away.  That these
were the people that supported Sophia at Winslow.  That there wouldn’t
even be that many people onboard by the time they went off.

I still knew how his power worked.  I still knew that he had been the
one to hold a gun to a teenage girl’s head and say ‘work or die’.  I had
gone into those attacks expecting one outcome…but knowing on some level
there was a chance it could all quite literally blow up in my face if
Coil stayed true to himself.

He was never just going to let me walk away unscathed.  He was never
going to let me feel like I didn’t have blood on my hands.  He wasn’t
that type of person.  I’d embarrassed him, and so he was going to remind
me who was in charge.  That he could also accomplish whatever his own
goals were at the same time?

I should have seen this coming.  I should never have thought I could let
him live.  His power was useful, but his personality wouldn’t ever let
him be second-fiddle, and I could never let a person like him be in
charge of me.  Throughout the block, my bugs danced over each other,
while my body betrayed nothing.

I was going to have to correct that oversight.  

As soon as Coil’s call ended, Lisa slumped against me.  

“I should have seen it, Tay.  The meetings were too similar between the
supposed split.  He lied to us outright, there never was a safe
timeline.  That was his goal all along from the moment the Rig attack
was successful.  Somehow he managed to keep me in the dark by abusing
his power like we did against Bakuda.  I’m so sorry Tay…” 

“Not your fault Lisa.” I said, shoving my face into her shoulder.  I
pulled back just enough emotion to let myself look human again to her. 
“I don’t blame you, so don’t blame yourself either.  Please.” 

Lisa and I were both crying, holding tight to one another as the weight
settled upon us.  We had helped kill almost fifty people in the last
eighteen hours, and only Coil, Lisa and myself knew it.  The world
believed it was Bakuda.  Worse, Coil made it abundantly clear that if I
stepped out of line, he could release proof of our supposed deeds, as
well as my identity to the world.  

He held the Birdcage over my head like the fucking Sword of Damocles. 
The bastard had played me like a motherfucking fiddle, and I trusted him
that we were in a throwaway to test reactions and went through with it. 
Now I was every bit as trapped as Lisa.  But not for long.  All I had to
do was find him and follow him.  A few hours, a day or two at most.  And
the problem would be taken care of.  I was already a murderer.  Might as
well finish taking out the last gang leader too while I was at it.

“In other news, the search for Dinah Alcott is being called off due to
stretched resources in relation to Bakuda’s continued campaign of
terror.  The mayor has issued the following statement at this time.” 

“It’s her.” Lisa said, her eyes now wide as saucers.  “She’s the reason
we were looking for.  She's why Coil wanted the bank job done.” 

I looked at the picture of the young girl on screen and frowned.  Why
would the search for her being called off after the Rig’s bombing have
been… 

“MOTHER FUCKER!” I shouted, my swarm reverberating across my entire
range.  “This is why he pushed for the batshit insane timeline?  Because
it got them to call off a fucking search for a girl he already had?” 

Lisa simply pulled me back in tight, trying to comfort me through a rage
that even my swarm couldn’t contain.  I didn’t deserve this amazing girl
in my life, not after what I did, but I would be damned if I wasn’t
going to do anything and everything in my power to help her.  

“Director Piggot’s fate also had a part in it, I just don’t know what
yet.” Lisa whispered.  “Until I know more we’re stuck…” 

“Just for now.  We know how his power works.  He’s vulnerable.  I just
need to find him and then we win.” I said.  “In the meantime, we’re in
this together, Firefly, till the very end.” 

The day progressed with more news coming in.  Triumph was dead, but
Director Piggot had somehow survived.  The stubborn bitch had even given
a statement to reporters as the doctors performed a field amputation to
free her from the rubble.  Regardless, retirement was likely in her
future.  

A short clip of a grief stricken Mayor played out, along with his
weeping family in the background.  Learning that his son had been
Triumph, that I was indirectly responsible for that… Had been
responsible for Dinah being kidnapped.  That I had been used to ensure
she stayed that  way.  

To say I was absolutely livid was an understatement to end all
understatements.  Fuck.  Being a villain was supposed to be fun.  Stuff
like the bank where I got to screw with people, petty pranks on my
bullies, maybe give half the city Entomophobia on a lark.  I never
intended to become a monster, but Coil had ensured that I did.  All I
had wanted was to strike back at those who wronged me.  Which is exactly
what I intended to do.

I would be the monster Coil feared.  

I had few lines left that I hadn’t crossed, but if it meant ending that
snake, I would fucking /cross / them.  I should congratulate Coil; he’d
managed to make it past even Sophia to arrive at the very top of my
list.  And I was coming for him.  I just had to do it in a way that
ensured I didn’t get caught before the bastard decided I was no longer
useful.  

“Alright Lisa, operation Saint Patrick starts tonight.” 

Lisa looked up at me as her face ran through a gamut of emotions.  Then
she bit her lip and I knew what was coming.  I knew it was coming and
did nothing to stop it.  

“You know he didn't actually get rid of the snakes from Ireland, right?”

Rather than bite back about how inappropriate it was for her to joke
about my decision to take another life, I let myself laugh.  Coil stole
a piece of my humanity with his actions, I wasn’t about to let him take
any more.

Besides, was it really murder if the man wasn’t even human to begin with? 

Chapter End Notes

    I'm not going to focus on daily updates anymore, not after my rush
    with the last chapter caused so many issues. I'll wait for proper
    beta work and feedback before I upload, which means this fic will
    probably slow down on the updates to ensure it is done justice. I
    never expected it to blow up like it has, and I rode that a bit too
    hard to the detriment of the story itself.

    So, aside from Coil's eventual fate, as well as my horrific plan for
    the Endbringers... The darkest part of the fic is done. The fluff
    and fun will resume shortly.


    Chapter 28

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor collects funds and sends a message.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes28>

I watched as our third ABB warehouse of the evening went up into
flames.  My bugs had been meticulous about gathering all the cash on
hand and deposited it out of the way for later retrieval as the rest of
us picked apart the unpowered mooks one by one.  Grue’s darkness and
Bitch’s dogs kinda made it too easy.  

It surprised me just how much cash these places had on hand, but when
your gang was fractured like the ABB was, I imagined every unpowered
lieutenant was hoarding everything they could.  I didn’t particularly
care what their reasons were, it was insanely profitable for us
regardless.  

I was now running on the assumption that Coil didn’t have a safe
timeline for us - it would keep me from repeating the mistakes I’d made
in my rush to secure Lisa’s safety.  We may have been following Coil’s
instructions tonight by helping clean up the ABB, but we had an ulterior
motive as well.  Plans within plans would be how we operated going
forward.  

I didn’t want to be a villain on anyone’s terms but my own, which
required the fucker to die, but to ensure it stuck, I couldn’t act until
everything was in place.  In the meantime, I was going to ensure that I
kept my sights on what made me enjoy being a villain in the first place.

Theatrics.  Misdirection.  Inflicting pure terror on those who opposed
me.  I refused to let Coil rob me of the joy I’d felt when I first
started running with the Undersiders.  That and Lisa’s ass.  Definitely
had my sights there more often than not these days.  

There was a lot of joy to be had in this career path.  Just because I
was planning to rule over the Bay in my endgame with my girlfriend
cuddled into my side, it didn’t mean I couldn’t also /enjoy / my work. 
Wasn’t there an age-old adage about loving what you do?  Like barely
holding back a moan as your girlfriend flounced about, her ass wiggling
in all the right ways… 

Shit, I was getting distracted.  Focus was important when stomping on
stash-houses, I could admire the finest of asses later.  Bitch and Grue
were loading the drugs into a van while Regent and Tattletale worked on
securing the last of the mooks that I hadn’t already tied up in spider
silk.  I was about to call it in when a streak of brilliant lilac tore
across the night sky, illuminating the street briefly before it shredded
the back of our van where all the drugs were stored.  Those assholes!  
Those were our drugs!   We’d stolen them fair and square!

White powder and dried plant matter rained down as Laserdream, Glory
Girl, and Lady Photon descended from the night sky.  Well, I guess that
part of the plan was going well at least.  New Wave was the second group
we hoped to attract tonight.  I personally had hoped for a Wards patrol
instead, but I’d make due.  

Lisa looked at them and blanched.  “Oh fuck me rigid.  They aren’t here
to play.” 

“Later, for now we have guests to entertain.” I said softly as my swarm
gathered in a biblical mass, the walls and streets staying in constant
motion.  The display must have worked because both Glory Girl and
Laserdream rose a few feet back into the air.  

“New Wave!  How can we help you?” I said with a grand gesture and made a
point of turning my head towards Glory Girl.  “Did you get my little
care package?  I hope I got the sizes right!” 

“Skitter.” Glory Girl seethed, but Lady Photon held up an arm to hold
her back.  

“You’ve been busy.” Lady Photon said as she looked over the burning
building.  “Quite the reputation you’ve been building for yourself in
such short order.  The Protectorate hasn’t been happy with you, and
frankly I’m a bit cross as well after what you did to my nieces.” 

“I simply did what was best for the hostages.  Nobody was hurt and the
bank’s insurance covered the cash we managed to carry off.  The
Undersiders aren’t in the habit of endangering bystanders and
civilians.” Lady photon flinched ever so slightly that I would have
missed it if not for the bugs I had on her.  Then Lisa whispered
something and I repeated it aloud.  “Unlike some people.” 

I felt a crushing weight slam into my mind as I suddenly wanted to piss
myself and run, I immediately shifted that reaction into my swarm and
their noise became deafening.  

“Hey, Glory Whore.  You should stop with the indiscriminate mastering
already, someone might get it in their mind to pull a Canary on you!”
Tattletale yelled.  “Shaker power my ass!” 

Well...  that explained the mental weight I felt.

I watched as both Pelhams present elbowed Glory Girl, and she actually
flinched at the second hit.  While she glared at Laserdream, Tattletale
and I shared a knowing look.  Her grin that followed was absolutely
vicious, and all the more beautiful for it.  

“Look, right now we both want the same things.” Tattletale said.  “We’re
all fighting against the ABB and their mad bomber who doesn’t give a
shit about the rules.  Everyone left is operating under a Truce to take
the psycho down.  We can’t afford to be fighting each other as long as
she’s free.” 

“You threatened my family!” Glory Girl yelled.  

“No, I bluffed you with an empty threat.” I said, letting my swarm echo
slightly with my words.  “It’s your own fault that Brockton Central
needs millions in repairs that it will never see in this economy.  We
stole five figures, that hardly seems equivalent, especially when we
were already gone by the time you burst in to play avenging angel.” 

“It would have been if it got five villains off the street!” 

I ignored Glory Girl’s retort as I stepped forward, letting my swarm
engulf Lisa and give her the cover needed.  To keep their attention on
me, I drew my handgun from its holster.  The Pelhams tensed as Glory
Girl moved between us.  She looked insufferably smug as I leveled the
gun at her torso.  

I couldn’t wait to wipe that smirk off her face.  Pity her shield was
preventing her from inhaling a bug, I needed new victims for that
trick.  Alec was getting too wise to my tactics.  

“I’m not above sending you back needing your sister’s loving care, stand
down.” 

She scoffed and slammed into the asphalt a dozen feet ahead of me, my
gun followed her perfectly, using a bug I had hovering just behind her
as my target.  

“Point eight five seconds.” Lisa said to the bugs I kept with her. 
“Make it count.” 

I didn’t nod, but my entire swarm shifted as I moved the bugs I needed
into place.  Glory Girl lifted off the ground as she spotted the motion,
Lady Photon shouted and my gun fired.  

An instant later Glory Girl fell to the ground screaming.  

My swarm wasted no time engulfing the entire street.  I’d only stung
Glory Girl once, but it had been a bullet ant, one of the few I had left
until the colony replenished itself.  The Pelhams fired blindly into my
swarm, causing collateral damage on par with Glory’s reputation and
killing my bugs by the thousands.  I ducked and dodged back down the
street and slipped into the alley where Lisa and Angelica were waiting.  

The others had slipped away as planned under the cover of Grue’s
darkness while I distracted everyone with the cash in hand.  The others
couldn’t see it - well Lisa probably could, but she wouldn’t tell - but
I was grinning like a loon under my mask.  That was /fun / .  Theatrics
had their uses and I intended to abuse them for all I could.  

“Did you manage it?” Lisa asked as she helped me up onto the monstrous
dog.  

“Yeah, slipped the note into Lady Photon’s pouch as well as Glory Girl’s
top.” 

Lisa shivered at the idea of bugs in her top and I couldn’t blame her. 
They may as well have been a part of me to my senses and that still
bugged me.  

“I guess we’ll just need to wait and see then.” Lisa said as I held on
tight.  

That giant golden orb in the sky may have set hours ago, but I could
still pretend we were riding off into it regardless.  We had the funds
needed to get one of Lisa’s projects off the ground in a way Coil
couldn’t track, the prototype had shown promise, though it was a bit
tricky to make work through bug senses.  Soon we would have an advantage
Coil knew nothing about, and I intended to leverage it to the fullest. 

Chapter End Notes

    First things first, sorry this took so long. I'm still not resuming
    regular posting just yet, but I am writing the story again. I've got
    the next chapter finished and another started and plan to let a
    backlog accumulate before I start posting more frequently. Expect
    plenty of fluff and more drama to follow, but nothing as dark as
    what came before. Taylor and Lisa learned from that, and you can bet
    they're going to make the snake pay dearly.


    Chapter 29

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    Taylor works on a project then hits the mall.

Chapter Notes

    Beta'd by Slider, Atlasofremembrance, GreyRaven and FirstSelector.
    Edits provided by Slider and GreyRaven.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes29>

Lisa divided up the cash with the others and Coil promised a bonus for a
job well done but we didn’t care about that. My girlfriend had arranged
an order for two hundred desktop computers and monitors to be delivered
to a warehouse owned through a shell company she had set up through the
Number Man. 

Getting the interface developed was the tricky part, as she needed
thousands of keyboards all rigged up in a specific way that allowed bugs
to trigger the switches for each key. It would be worth it though. Lisa
and I had spent hours researching and testing every bug we could find.
She had me examining the individual senses for each and every one of
them in an effort to learn how to tell them apart. 

I learned something really important: dragonflies could read computer
displays, or at least their vision was detailed enough for me to be able
to read them through their senses. Add in my fine control seemingly
being infinite, we worked out a solution that would allow me to exceed
human limitations thirty times over, per computer. 

I could access the internet with my swarm. Soon, I was going to be my
very own supercomputer! Wasn’t villainy fun? What hero could claim they
made themselves into a parallel processing supercomputer based off of
dragonflies, keyboards, and backroom desktops?

/Currently / , I was limited to four computers of questionable
reliability and shitty keyboards that couldn’t take full advantage of my
abilities. It was still breathtaking just what I could manage on the
information front. Combing for leads on Coil’s identity was, frankly,
scary fast. I was ruling out possibilities left and right and it felt
like I was narrowing in on a breakthrough. The literal thinking machine
cuddled into my side and reading a mirrored display of the most relevant
information on the monitor in front of us probably helped. 

We would need this info to ensure he died when we finally made a move
against him. I refused to leave anything to chance on this, not when my
firefly’s life was on the line. 

“You think too loud.” My girlfriend muttered against my shoulder. 

I was grateful for the distraction. It was tedious work to dig through
all the data at such a sedate pace compared to what I knew I could do
once I had the proper equipment at my disposal. 

“At least I don’t snore.” 

She bit my neck, drawing a moaning hiss out of me. 

Naturally, I escalated, eliciting the cutest of sounds out of her. 

“Oi, lovebirds!” Alec shouted. “Get a room!” 

“We have a room!” Lisa yelled back. 

“And yet you aren’t recording it!” 

“How do you know?” Lisa countered. “Tay’s bugs let her get the /best /
angles.” 

"Please, you seriously think I don't blast every corner of this place
with Raid after you shacked up with the creepy girl?"

I froze for a moment before leaping out of the bed and throwing the
bedroom door open, then snarled out, "That was you?!"

Alec blinked at me a moment, then nodded, "Yup."

I pulled out my knife and stomped towards him, "I'm going to fucking
kill you!"

Alec blinked then nodded, "That's a knife… au revoir!"

As he sprinted around the corner he dodged the thrown Ka-Bar; the wasps,
not so much. 

As he began to squeal I returned to Lisa’s room, she tossed me my tank
top while I pulled my pants back on. It was already one in the afternoon
and dad was expecting us by three. Lisa claimed the first shower while I
started a pot of coffee and fired up a skillet. 

“Alec, want a sandwich?” I asked, getting the ingredients out for a good
toasted ham and cheese. 

“You gonna hold the bees this time?” He asked cautiously, peeking his
head back around the corner. 

I paused the bees I had in flight and grumbled as I made three
sandwiches and set them to toasting. He could have his bees on the side
instead. 

Rachel was currently at her shelter and Brian was attempting to tame his
brat of a sister that he refused to allow us to meet. Lisa came into the
kitchen with her hair in a towel as I plated our late lunch. She was
restraining herself from laughing at the single bumblebee resting on
Alec’s plate. 

He glared at me as I kept a dozen bees buzzing around his head as we
ate. With each bite he took I had the bees shift their pattern in a not
so silent warning. 

Sometimes the threat hit harder than the action itself. 

It wasn’t much later that Lisa and I caught the bus back home. Dad was
aware of the basics of what I’d done, and he understandably lost his
shit. Lisa gave herself the mother of all Thinker headaches that night
trying to talk him down from making us turn ourselves in, but once we
explained how our lives were on the line he at least understood. 

That didn’t mean he liked it. That was fine. He didn’t have to like it
right now. I wasn’t thrilled with the whole situation either, but it
really was my fault. I’d make it up to him once I was queen. I’d fix the
ferry for him! Yeah, that would be a good ‘Daddy’s Little Villain’ present.

Ugh, that sounded wrong even in my head.

For the moment though, Dad was still upset, which was why we were now
going to the mall, because he wanted to have a day where he got to see
his daughter and her girlfriend just being teens. Honestly, we needed it
even if we weren’t about to admit it to him. 

We all ended up singing along with Bohemian Rhapsody and had a good
laugh as we emulated the classic Wayne’s World scene. Some of our fellow
motorists were laughing, but I could see others join in as well. 

All of that led us to be in good cheer when we finally reached the mall,
only for it to quickly evaporate as we struggled to find a parking
space. Then came security which was tighter than Armsmaster’s asshole.
The national guard was in town, ensuring things stayed civil as well as
searching each person entering the mall. Off to the side, Manpower of
New Wave stood stoically, providing plenty of intimidation factor for
most people. Lisa and I weren’t most people however. 

I was forced to dismiss the bugs I usually kept on my person, though I
had Lisa’s firefly take flight and once we were through security it
resumed its vigil. Thankfully neither of us had brought much in the way
of cash, no point raising any red flags for why a pair of teens had
hundreds of dollars on them. 

Lisa and I avoided the clothing stores, between dad’s watchful gaze
preventing us from showing off for one another and Lisa’s earlier
insistence on replacing my wardrobe, I really didn’t need much in that
department. Having dad clued into our extracurricular activities
certainly helped explain where it was all coming from. The ten thousand
dollars in cash I’d handed him certainly helped as well. 

Dad and I were grabbing some jumbo pretzels while Lisa checked out one
of the carts nearby. She’d shooed us away so I was expecting something
over the top and dramatic. When she began to actually skip back to our
table I grew worried. The massive grin on her face wasn’t helping
matters either. She stopped beside me, her hands behind her back. I
could see she was a bit nervous as she presented me with a small box. I
gasped when I opened it. 

Inside was a golden necklace, the centerpiece of which was the Egyptian
All Seeing Eye. It was clearly custom made however, as holding the eye
itself aloft was a scarab. Khepri, holding up her sun, her light. 

“Do you like it?” Lisa asked nervously. 

I blinked back tears. “It’s beautiful. I love it.” 

Her beaming smile made everything up till now worth it. 

Our hands trembled as I helped Lisa clasp it around my neck. Dad was
smiling as tears of happiness ran down my cheeks. Fuck it. I grabbed my
girlfriend and pulled her into a passionate kiss. To hell with anyone
who saw us or what they thought about it. 

I loved this amazing girl and I didn’t care who knew it.

Chapter End Notes

    I held off on posting this one because I wanted to actually write
    out the scene where Taylor and Danny talked over the whole bit with
    her killing for Coil, but my muse failed me on that front so I'm
    posting it as is. Still no schedule for resuming this one at the
    moment as my muse has been thoroughly distracted by a new project
    that will be coming sometime in the new year. The only hint is that
    it is a collab and I sincerely hope we don't butcher it because the
    concept was so damn fun and I've kinda lost track of other projects
    as a result... It's already over 30k words and growing.


    Chapter 30

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes30>

“Attention shoppers, the mall will be closing in thirty minutes, please
conclude your shopping in accordance with the coming curfew.” 

 I was scratching Lisa’s back as we stood in line to leave.  We’d
completed our shopping nearly an hour ago and decided to stay and enjoy
ourselves for a bit longer.  It was nice to relax and just be
teenagers.  No worries, no drama.  We needed it.  

So of course that was when my eyes met Emma’s from across the room.

She was also nearly crab free, which explained how I missed her even in
a crowded mall.    I hissed when I saw the smirk on her face and she
made a beeline right towards us. 

“Daughter of a bastard.” I muttered. 

Lisa gripped my hand tight and elbowed Dad to get his attention.    His
face darkened when he recognized Alan Barnes following behind Emma.    A
thought occurred that brought a smile to my face.    Everyone with me
knew all of my secrets, or at least the most important ones.    I wasn’t
quite ready to have a conversation with Dad about planning to kill Coil. 

He didn’t need to know about that, because he was a potential
information leak if Coil tortured me in front of him.    Ignorance was
necessary for proper InfoSec at the moment.    Still, he knew I was
Skitter, he knew about the bullying, I didn’t have to dance around topics. 

“Hi, Taylor.” Emma said in a sickly sweet tone.    “Is this the friend
you’ve been talking about?” 

“Aww, Tay’s been talking about me?” Lisa said, matching Emma’s tone.   
“I hope you didn’t kiss and tell.” 

I rolled my eyes at her antics but let a smile grace my lips.    Dad
meanwhile had engaged with said bastard.    “Danny, it’s been a while,
how’s life in the docks?” 

Dad could handle that distraction, I had a former best friend and
traitor to dismantle with the help of my badass girlfriend.    If the
infectious, and predatory grin on Lisa’s face was anything to go off of,
she was looking forward to this as well. 

“Emma, I swear you’re following me around like a bad case of crabs.” I
smirked as I watched her entire train of thought derail, Emma’s eyes
widened at the knowledge that I knew.    “Wait, that wasn’t just a rumor?” 

“What are you talking about?” Emma tried, and failed, to recover. 

“It was the talk of Winslow last week.    Someone let it slip that you
and your psycho lover,” I glanced towards the so called hero in
question, “caught a rather nasty case recently.” 

Ah, there was the first stirrings of panic I had been looking for. 

“You shouldn’t be surprised,” Lisa said, “she saves you in a not so dark
alley and suddenly you have a new bestie and cut the old one out?    The
story practically writes itself.” 

“You’d be surprised what you learn when listening in on those
sympathetic.” I added. 

“Really should pay more attention to your surroundings.” Lisa said smugly. 

Implying the Empire knew who Sophia was, well, it was dirty, but we were
villains.    Playing clean wasn’t our style and as fun as the petty
pranks were, I was done playing softball. 

Emma was glaring at Lisa with undisguised hatred.    “You’re Empire.” 

Dad’s conversation stopped cold at the accusation, and more than a few
heads turned thanks to how loudly Emma had said it.    Both our parents
turned indignant, though likely for very different reasons. 

“How dare--” Dad began to direct at Emma.

“That explains a few things.” Alan said as Dad’s jaw snapped shut.    

All of his ire turned on Alan in an instant.    “My daughter isn’t
Empire.” 

“The stupid bitch said it herself,” Emma cut in.    I didn’t miss the
twitch of Lisa’s eye, “sympathizers everywhere, was it?” 

Lisa was deathly still and I knew that Emma had just invited the full
wrath of Tattletale down upon her with that statement.    The intensity
of Lisa’s gaze was unmistakable.  It was going to be a train wreck of
glorious proportions. 

Alan sighed.    “Emma becomes friends with a black girl and suddenly
they drift apart?    It’s obvious in retrospect and explains a few
things.” Alan shrugged and I was tempted to have a wasp sting him.   
“It is rather sad how jealous Taylor seems of Sophia, but I never
imagined she would sink this low.    Annette would be ashamed.” 

I shunted everything into my swarm but it still wasn’t enough. 

“Tell me, Alan, how many lies have you been forced to tell to keep that
bitch out of prison?” Lisa asked in the coldest tone I had ever heard
from her.    Not even Coil elicited such a response.    “How many bodies
have you had to hide?    Five?    Six?” Lisa took a step closer.    “You
really shouldn’t throw stones if you don’t have a pair to back them up.” 

I watched all the color drain from both of their faces, which meant Lisa
probably hit the nail on the head.    It made sense after hearing how
Grue had been shot by my tormentor.    If she was willing to do that to
a mostly harmless thief, what would she do to Empire trash?    It really
shouldn’t have been a surprise to learn that Sophia had killed before. 
  Shit, she probably came to school the next day with a smile on her
face before shoving me down yet another flight of stairs. 

“Is there a problem?” 

I turned to Battery, who had been approaching us at Stalker’s
prompting.    Sophia stood just behind her with her arms crossed, no
doubt with a smirk on her face.    Alan and Emma seemed smug at their
arrival, but Lisa beat them to the verbal punch. 

“Nothing at all, unless you count these two liars slandering us by
calling my girlfriend and I Empire.” Lisa said, then punctuated it with
a kiss to my cheek which set it aflame. 

“We did no such thing!” Alan barked while Lisa shook her head. 

“All we want is to get home before curfew.” Dad said.    “I don’t know
why my former friend and his daughter insist on causing a scene and
distracting you from far more important things, but it is growing
tiresome.” 

It was then that Emma shrieked, slapping at herself as several dead
yellow jackets fell from her clothes.    I stared at the display,
dumbstruck.    That was their big game?    A childish ploy that anyone
would be able to see through?    I’d planned for them to report me, but
this?    

“She’s Skitter!” Emma screamed as Stalker drew her crossbows and leveled
them at me.

It was beyond pathetic, but I raised my hands all the same. 

The PRT forces around us moved in along with the National Guard and I
soon found several guns pointed directly at me.    Thankfully Dad was
there to keep Lisa from ripping into them and escalating the situation. 
  That just wouldn’t do, I needed her free so we could pull off the next
stage of the plan. 

Battery had her hand pressed against her visor, grumbling about idiot
teens being the death of her.    I couldn’t blame her, this clusterfuck
wasn’t how I wanted to spend my day.    It would have been asinine if a
trick like this was all it took to unmask me, but that was why we had
contingency plans. 

Even as they cuffed me, I sent Lisa a knowing look and smiled. 

They had no idea who they were messing with.

Chapter End Notes

    So, while going over my hand written stuff for my prior works, I
    found three! chapters of Fistful written but not typed. So, they are
    now typed and ready to go and will be going up over the next week or
    so.

    (Unfortunately, I don't have a timetable for the rest of the fic, so
    I apologize for that right now.)

    Inheritance's end of arc is delayed, but in progress but arc 4 will
    be posted after hopefully a brief hiatus. Spirit Detective is being
    looked over to see what of the hand written stuff for arc 5 can be
    salvaged for my new plans going forward, but it isn't a priority
    project, just whenever the muse strikes me. (Posting of SDT will not
    be resuming until I have something significant to share)


    Chapter 31

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

    Several chapters, but especially chapter 26 have been overhauled to
    reflect some changes I decided to make to the story. I wasn't in a
    good place mentally at the time and I allowed that to influence my
    take on where the story should go in a way that ultimately killed my
    desire to work on the project. The events still play out the same,
    but I've softened the edges for Taylor in many ways. Edits start at
    chapter 25.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes31>

I was taken directly to the PRT building where they left me in the most
cliché and generic interrogation room I could have imagined.    For
whatever reason, they left me alone for the first thirty minutes, which
gave me enough time to position enough bugs so that I could listen in on
every conversation in the building.

Never let it be said that the government was smart about things. 

If they thought the false mirrored walls were fooling anyone, well, I
probably wouldn’t be in this room.    Each person that came and went
from the attached observation room carried a few more bugs in with them,
and I quickly moved them to the shadows for better coverage.

Funny enough, they had several terrariums in the room with them for
observation, with exotic bugs that were almost tempting for me to
swipe.    There were cameras and sensors on them, and I expected they
were looking for any and all behavioral changes they could.    Pity for
them that I had what seemed to be infinite multitasking thanks to my
powers.    Those bugs were allowed to continue their actions according
to their own instincts. 

Even Lisa’s power struggled to tell when I was controlling the bugs
around us, and she had experience with observing my powers in action.   
It was cute that the poor fools thought this would work. 

Finally, the door opened and Miss Militia stepped in along with a rail
thin black man.    A hush fell within the observation room as
Armsmaster, Assault, Battery and Director Piggot turned their focus on me. 

While this wasn’t how I planned for them to bring me in, I had been
plotting how I would approach things all the same.    This was exactly
what I wanted. 

“You are aware how bad this looks, aren’t you?” Miss Militia asked in a
motherly tone.  “Assault with a Parahuman Power is a serious offense.” 

I gave her a flat glare and pushed my irritation towards the outskirts
of my swarm.    Of course, I’d done far worse than just assault since
getting my power, but they didn’t need to know the worst of it.

“What looks ‘bad’ is how quickly you jumped when someone with a history
of bullying told you to.” I said coldly.    “Great job of targeting the
victim while protecting the abuser there.” 

“Truth.” Armsmaster said from the other room. 

Shit, did he have some sort of lie detector?    That changed how I
needed to play the game, but Lisa and I had considered the possibility. 

“I’m sorry, but are you claiming that Ms. Barnes wasn’t attacked?” The
man asked. 

“Maybe she was, but not by me.” I said truthfully, and Armsmaster
reflected that.    “Much as I would love to lash out at her, the most I
could get away with is obscure pranks and even those tend to be pointed
right back at me.    No doubt she spun some sob story about how Skitter
attacked her at school too when roaches rained down on us.    I took the
rest of that day and the next off after that.” 

“To cover for your crime?” The man pressed. 

“I’m just not fond of being covered in filth after being locked in a
locker full of rotting pads and tampons back in January by the bitch
that pulled this stunt.” 

 A few moments of silence followed, then Armsmaster began to read off a
police report from January, and how the investigation was turned over to
the PRT after one Sophia Hess was implicated. 

“She and her little band of attempted murderers get away with everything
no matter the proof.” I continued.    “I wasn’t sure of the reason until
I learned the truth.” 

“What truth would that be, Ms. Hebert?” 

“That Sophia Hess is Shadow Stalker.” 

That got a fun reaction, especially from those I shouldn’t have been
able to see.    It was funny, even though I wasn’t controlling the bugs,
I could still see through their senses.    It gave me a great view of
the observation room. 

“What makes you think that Sophia is Shadow Stalker?” Miss Militia asked. 

I shrugged.  “It explains how she kept breaking into my locker no matter
how many times I changed the lock.”     

“I have the hospital report.” Armsmaster stated.    “Panacea was
required to purge her system of multiple toxins and diseases when she
fell into toxic shock syndrome.” 

Piggot and Battery erupted at that, but that was the first time I’d
heard that Panacea had been needed to save my life.    Now I felt guilty
for having Regent taze her… Annnd moment passed, into the bugs you go,
guilt and shame! 

“These are serious accusations, but that doesn’t excuse you from the
crimes you’ve committed.” 

Oh, Militia’s back on that track.    “Crimes?    I mean, I’ve downloaded
a few bootleg Aleph movies, but this seems excessive.” 

“You robbed a bank last Thursday.” The suited man interjected. 

I sighed, slumping forward.    “Of course you believe them.    Everyone
always believes them.    Even when my wrist was broken after Sophia
threw me down the stairs, everyone believed her that I’d simply tripped,
everyone always believes them.” I let my sorrow crash back into me as
the tears began to flow freely. 

“You have to look at things from our perspective, Taylor.    Your
height, build and hair are a match for Skitter.” 

“Why?” 

She blinked.    “Pardon.” 

“If I were Skitter—” Piggot snorted in the adjacent room, “—why would I
attack my bully in such a public setting?    Sure, I knew Stalker was in
on it, but she wasn’t attacked, only Emma allegedly was.    Battery was
right there as were my father, girlfriend and Emma’s dad.    It makes no
sense.” 

“She has a point.” Battery stated. 

“There is one way to verify things.” Armsmaster said.    “Send her in.” 

From the hall, my bugs saw a white blur move from a nearby room and open
the door, when I looked up I forced all my reactions into the swarm.   
In the doorway stood an absolutely livid girl with cute freckles, frizzy
brown hair, and a white shirt sporting a red cross.    Black text below
it read ‘Don’t taze me bro.’ 

Fuck.

Chapter End Notes

    Ruh Roh


    Chapter 32

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes32>

“I need an adult.” 

My voice came out as barely a squeak, fitting considering the mousey
terror now glaring at me.    Battery was pinching her nose as Assault
almost fell over laughing.    I was glad someone got to enjoy my
suffering. 

“So, this is Skitter.” She said coldly.

The man that still hadn’t identified himself spoke up.    “Panacea isn’t
able to affect brains, but she is able to detect the structures
responsible for Parahuman powers.” 

“Which is supposed to be classified, prick.” She snapped back.    “Why
are you even involved, Calvert?” 

“When I heard Skitter was apprehended, I requested to be brought in.” He
said smoothly. 

“Excuse me.” I cut in.    “Wouldn’t you need my guardian’s consent to do
anything of the sort?    Even this interrogation is against the law if
you want to be technical.    Failing to get his permission for Panacea
to check me could be seen as assault with a Parahuman power.” 

Panacea blanched.    “You didn’t get legal permission?” 

“However.” I said sharply, “since I apparently owe her my life, I would
be willing to have a private conversation with her if full doctor
patient confidentiality is permitted.” 

I turned toward the wrong wall and leveled my harshest glare upon it.   
I doubted it fooled anyone, but I didn’t care.    I had a potential in
with Panacea and I intended to take the chance. 

Miss Militia bristled.    “You can’t expect us to allow a suspected
villain to be alone with Panacea.” 

“Well, it’s that or wait for my father to arrive, with his lawyer.    At
that point, all the dirty laundry involving Stalker bullying me can go
public.” 

That unsettled more than a few people.    Nothing quite like threatening
a PR bomb to motivate people in a negotiation.    Dad would be proud of
me. 

“The rooms in the infirmary would be suitable.” Calvert confirmed, eying
me closely.    “Assuming Panacea is willing, of course.” 

“Like hell I’d ever-” 

I landed a single fly on her bare arm.    Lisa had explained her
designation as a Striker 9 during the bank debriefing, there was no way
in hell she got such a high threat rating without being more than just a
healer. 

“Listen, I just want to thank you for saving my life in January after
one of their Wards tried to kill me.    Everyone thinks I’m Skitter, so
if I am, well, I’d say I owe you a favor.” 

“You’re doing a shit job hiding your identity, you know that?” Panacea
said with narrow eyes. 

I shrugged.    “I’m just rolling with the punches and hoping I somehow
land on my feet.    I tend to lose, and frankly?    I’m tired of losing.” 

Assault snorted in the adjoining room.    “This girl knows we have
nothing to go on.    Good luck trying to press her like we did Stalker.” 

Panacea’s shoulders slumped and I held back a grin.    “Alright, follow
me.” 

She led me, along with our patriotic escort towards what I assumed to be
the infirmary, where she took me into a room away from the others.    I
had my bugs inside the walls do a quick check and confirm there weren’t
any discreet recording devices. 

With the door closed, and Militia watching it from across the hall,
Panacea held out her hand.  I crossed my arms and raised an eyebrow.

“I can’t do anything without skin contact.” 

I snorted.    “I’ve read your redacted file, I’m not falling for that.” 

“So you are Skitter.” 

“Duh, glad you liked the shirt.    Regent designed it and I came up with
Glory Girl’s.”

“The fuck is wrong with you?” 

I shrugged.    “I ran out of fucks to give when my best friend and her
murderous Ward buddy tried to kill me.    I’m guessing you noticed
Stalker had crabs?    I gave her those in her civilian identity, which
is how I ID’d her.” 

“A Ward caused your trigger?” She grimaced at that thought.    “Christ,
no wonder you became a villain.    Was that the only reason?” 

I grinned. “Have you seen Tattletale’s ass in that spandex?” 

Given the blush that spread across her face, she most certainly had,
which made me more than a bit jealous that someone else was looking at
my firefly like that. 

“What is it you want from me?” She mumbled. 

Gotcha.    “All I want is for you to tell them I’m not Skitter.” 

“You think they would believe me?” 

“There’s a lot going on behind the scenes, but what I can tell you is
that I know who was behind the Somer’s Rock bombing, and they set it up
to frame me if I don’t dance to their tune.    I plan to bring them
down, but I’ll need help to do so.” 

“I’m not becoming a villain.” 

“I’d never ask you to.    I just want you to give me a hand at removing
a real threat to this city, and cooperation if the truly scary fuckers
ever come knocking.    I don’t want to be a true villain, I just want to
have fun with it and avoid casualties.    I’m not looking to actually
hurt people, hell I didn’t even do anything worse than prank those
bitches.    The real monsters out there will kill hundreds to further
their goals.    I don’t want them here anymore than you do.” 

“You seriously think you and your little band of thieves could hold this
city?” 

“With the ABB gone and the Empire crumbling?    Yeah, we have a chance
at keeping the worst of the villains from establishing themselves if we
aren’t also worrying about heroes stabbing us in the back.” 

“They would do it too.” She grumbled. 

“Plus, thanks to the Somers Rock bombing?  In some macabre way, Fleur
was finally avenged.” 

Panacea slumped against the far wall, sinking to the floor as she let
out a single, quiet sob.    I was reminded of what Lisa had said about
Fleur’s murder, how Amy had looked at her like a sister, but not her
actual sister.    That was a conversation and a half in itself. 

When Amy’s head rose, her eyes held a spark that hadn’t been there
before.    I hated how I was manipulating the girl that saved my life,
but the stakes were too high.  Lisa's life, hell, the entire city was on
the line here.    I’d do whatever it took. 

“I’ll think about it.” She said, but I knew better.     I had her add
one of Lisa’s burner numbers to her phone. 

“If you need anything, even if it’s just to hang out, don’t hesitate to
call.    I think you could use a few more friends as much as I could.   
But!    You don’t get to oogle my girlfriend’s ass without me there to
supervise!” 

She frowned at that, but didn’t snap for once.    When we exited the
room, nobody even asked her, she just showed herself out.    Assault was
waiting for me in place of Militia. 

“Hell of a trick kid.” He said, shaking his head.    “Skitter was
spotted with the rest of the Undersiders hitting an ABB brothel that
Bakuda was using for a lab.    She was forced to flee. “ 

It was a shame that Lisa got to play with the bug bombs first, but I
could live with that. 

“Does that mean I’m free to go?” 

He shook his head, a grin still on his face as he held out a pack of
M&Ms.    “You’ve got a brass pair, you know that?”

“I’ve been hearing that a lot lately.” I said, then glanced at the pack
of candy.    “I’m more of a Skittles girl though.” 

Without missing a beat, and a bit of sleight of hand, Assault handed me
a pack of Skittles.

Chapter End Notes

    No cliffhanger as we head into the next hiatus, hopefully the next
    time I resume posting, Fistful will be finished and I can post
    steadily until the ending.


    Chapter 33

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes33>

“Do we have to do this?” 

Lisa eyed me as she carefully applied makeup to my face.    “After what
they pulled, there’s no better time.” 

“Besides,” Dad said from the doorway with an amused smirk on his face,
“don’t you want to throw it back in their face from a position of power?” 

“What I want is to get my GED and leave that cesspit behind.” I said,
swatting Lisa’s hand aside as she stuck her tongue out.  “Don’t tempt me.”

“And if I want you to be tempted?” 

I couldn’t help the heat that rushed to my cheeks as I looked away. 
“Dammit Lise, not in front of Dad.” 

She pulled my face back to look at her and that damned vulpine smirk of
hers that had captivated me from the moment I laid eyes on her.  A smile
that could sway a girl to villainy.  She made a final tweak to my left
eye, then booped my nose. 

“All done.” She leaned back, framing my face with her fingers like a
photographer or painter would.  “Truly, I have improved upon perfection.” 

I looked away, my face a furious crimson if my bugs were any
indication.  Those with infrared vision certainly suggested it was. “I
still don’t know what you see in me.” 

“Uh uh, nope.  No self-depreciation out of you, gorgeous.” She said,
then leaned in to where I could feel her breath on my ear.  “I am not
afraid to show you exactly how beautiful I think you are right here and
now.” 

“As much as I enjoy embarrassing my daughter,” Dad cut in, his grin
approaching Lisa levels of smug, “we are on a schedule and it wouldn’t
do to be late.” 

“Too true Danny, I’ll just have to give Taytay a demonstration later,”
she said, her grin growing dangerously, “behind closed doors.”

I coughed and sputtered, unable to form words, so instead I spun up a
swarm clone and used it to smack her shoulder as I got my coughing under
control.  I could tell dad was just as embarrassed, but he didn’t say
anything either, if he even could. 

Dammit Lise, I was so going to pay her back for all of this!  

She then winked at me, “looking forward to it, sweetie.”

“Ugh, save the smug Thinker powers for the meeting.” I said with a groan. 

“I didn’t need them for that one.” She said smugly, then kissed me on
the cheek.  “Come on, let’s go show that bitch and her flunkies just how
badly she fucked up and what she’s missing out on.” 

“Covering her in bees would be easier.” I mumbled.  “Probably more
satisfying too.” 

“Hey, no invoking Skitter in the meeting.” Dad teased.  “You don’t want
to prove them right, now do you?” 

I snorted.  “Fun as it might be, fuck no.” 

He nodded.  “That’s what I thought, now get to the car you two before I
find a spray bottle.” 

“Yes sir!” Lisa snapped off before grabbing my wrist and pulling me
towards the door with a giggle. 

It was strange, having people in my corner again, people I could trust
to have my back through thick and thin.  

I kinda liked it.

Chapter End Notes

    So, remember what I said about not posting until I was ready to
    finish the fic? Well, I'm not quite at the end yet, but I'm damn
    close, so posting is going to resume at a more sedate pace until I
    do finish it and then the posting will pick up until the story is done!

    I currently have 11 chapters in the backlog, and maybe 6-8 more to
    write depending on my muse. (Or less, but longer chapters, depending)


    Chapter 34

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes34>

“Mister Hebert, Miss Hebert and you are…” 

“Lisa Wilbourn, Mrs. Blackwell, a pleasure.” 

Nobody shook hands, which considering Blackwell was on the same side of
the table as the trio, Emma’s dad, Madison’s parents and who I had to
assume was Sophia’s Wards representative, it painted a picture for how
this was likely to go for us if I didn’t have proper support. 

I had never been so thankful to have a super villain for a girlfriend. 
Every opposing eye was on the thick folder I’d just let thump to the
table as I took my seat.  I had multiple copies of my journals to pass
around, but the effect was glorious nonetheless. 

“Given the events of yesterday, I do believe the nature of this meeting
has changed somewhat.” Dad said, clasping his fingers together atop the
table.  “Emma Barnes incorrectly claimed my daughter to be a
supervillain in the presence of multiple government sponsored heroes as
well as the National Guard, putting her safety and life in danger.  That
my daughter is sitting here rather than in a PRT cell should speak
volumes to the veracity of those claims.” 

“That event has no bearing on the nature of this meeting, which is to
discuss claims made that the school has been ignoring ongoing bullying
occurring under its roof.” Blackwell stated.  “I am assuming the
comically thick folder is meant to be evidence of such wrongdoing, but I
will remind you as I did after the incident in January, you need proof,
or corroborating witnesses to your claims.  In addition, the agreement
you signed prevents you from pursuing those matters further.” 

Lisa grinned.  “That agreement also stated that the school wouldn’t
allow further incidents, and wouldn’t you know it, Emma there went on
record about an incident last week where bugs were dumped on Taylor from
the ceiling, an event she needed psychiatric help to work through
because she suffered a traumatic flashback to the January incident.  An
incident that the PRT attempted to use in the false accusations that my
girlfriend was Skitter.” 

“Or Emma’s false statement that my girlfriend and I were Empire.” I added. 

“I fail to see what that has to do with things.” Alan Barnes stated. 

“Oh, it’s quite simple.” Lisa said with a vicious grin.  “Regardless of
how things go today, your daughter and her friends are now on record as
having attempted to out a supervillain to the authorities.  I can only
imagine the things that the villains of Brockton Bay might be planning
to do to such upstanding individuals.” 

I took great delight in how Emma and Madison both paled at the
implication.  Sophia however just grit her teeth.  Knowing her, she was
probably relishing the idea of a villain coming after her and giving her
the excuse to go lethal. 

“It was mentioned that I should expect at least one villain to target
me.” I added.  “The accusation that I’m Skitter may make me a tempting
target for Bakuda, which has forced us to stay elsewhere for the time
being.” 

“I really do hope that I don’t lose my home over this.” Dad said with a
shake of his head.  “So, given the severity of these incidents, which
are rooted in continuing harassment against my daughter under your roof,
I do believe something should be done about it.” 

Blackwell huffed.  “I suppose we’ll proceed with this farce then, if
only to make it clear exactly why you would be foolhardy to pursue this
further.” 

“Afraid that your skimming the top from certain benefits paid to the
school may come to light if we do?” Lisa said smugly.  Blackwell’s
breathing hitched as she said it, causing her vulpine grin to return in
full force.  “It certainly does explain why you’ve allowed my girlfriend
to suffer, it was a significant amount.” Lisa added, pulling out her own
documents.  “It’s funny, the accusations against my girlfriend of being
Skitter actually helped us, because if you recall, the Undersiders hit
Brockton Central last week, which is where you do all your banking.  Is
it not?” 

“Are you admitting to having ties to the Undersiders?” The caseworker
asked with a steely expression. 

“I suggest you know your place.” Lisa snapped off.  “I am merely
pointing out a sequence of events that might have made villains pay
attention to this incident, and Tattletale does enjoy games like this.” 

She then slid copies of the papers across the table. Watching their
reactions, I think Alan’s was my favorite as he realized just how
corrupt those supporting his daughter truly were.  It was kinda amusing
to be honest, but we weren’t done yet. 

“In addition.” Lisa said, now fully in her element.  “Here are some
pictures of Grue, shortly after an encounter with Shadow Stalker where
she attempted to murder him.  She was nearly successful.” 

The pictures had his face blurred out, but showed the blood stained
white couch that Alec still lamented to this day, and the crossbow bolt
that Stalker was famous for using before she was forced into the Wards. 
Best of all, a news broadcast was showing in one of the pictures, which
placed the event as having happened after she joined the Wards. 

“That isn’t admissible.” Alan said immediately. 

“Of course it isn’t.” Lisa said with a grin.  “Yet it was included with
this little care package.  I wonder why?” 

“Shadow Stalker did play along with Emma’s little stunt.” I said with a
finger to my chin, my eyes flicked from her to Sophia.  “It does raise
some interesting questions, don’t you think?” 

“You bitch.” Sophia snarled.  “You think you’ll get away with this?” 

“We’re just passing along information that was compiled by a concerned
third party, nothing more.” Dad said.  “Now, as for us, what we want is
for the school to make arrangements for Taylor to be homeschooled for
the remainder of her high school education, at the school’s expense.  Do
that, and we won’t pursue any of the information that we were presented
with in a more official capacity.” 

“What’s stopping the,” Alan looked at Lisa, then me, “Undersiders from
using this information on their own?” 

“Absolutely nothing.” Lisa said with a grin.  “Guess you’ll just have to
take that chance.  I do wonder, what would happen to your career if it
were revealed that you represented Stalker when she was arrested for
attempted murder…” 

“You think you’re so smart, don’t you?” Sophia said, her voice
disturbingly calm.  “There was just one flaw with your plan.” 

Lisa turned her malicious grin back on Sophia, and my bugs felt Sophia
tensing up, ready to strike.  “What would that be?” 

“You forgot the golden rule about snitches, Tattletale.” 

The bugs I had on Sophia felt her flick something along her wrist, and I
could see a dark object fall into her hand as she began to stand.  I had
a swarm on standby, but it wasn’t necessary as I fired the Taser I had
under the table and clipped Sophia in the thigh.

She fell to the floor with a startled cry as she convulsed, the
ballistic knife (seriously, where the hell did she find that?)
clattering to the floor unfired.  Emma watched in horror as parts of
Sophia phased to shadow in her spasms and effectively outed the
murderous Ward for exactly what she was. 

“Well then,” I said as Sophia continued to twitch, “about those
concessions?”

Chapter End Notes

    My muse continues to provide, so I shall as well!


    Chapter 35

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes35>

“They actually arrested Stalker?” Amy asked while waving a spoonful of
ice cream at me. 

“I know right?  Can’t believe it either and it was our fucking plan.” I
raised my fist, and Lisa met mine with a quick exchange of bumps and
hand signs ending in an explosion sound from each of us. 

Amy groaned.  “Okay, I know you two are gang members and all, but do you
have to flash signs and shit?” 

“Nah, it’s just our super-secret besties handshake.” Lisa said, dipping
her fries in her shake.  “The Undersiders gang sign is totally different.”

I leaned forward and stage-whispered.  “It’s spiders, lots of spiders.” 

Beside me, Lisa curled her fingers in a bastardized mockery of a spider
and had it skitter (heh) across the table while making adorable little
squeaking noises.  Amy snorted and had to grab a napkin as ice cream
shot from her nose. “Fuck you both for that.” She said with watery eyes. 

“Eh, maybe after a few more dates.” Lisa added casually. 

It was only by slamming every hint of a reaction into my swarm that I
avoided a similar fate to Amy’s own ice cream related blunder.  Instead,
my entire body froze on the spot as my swarm blurred into a frenzy.  I
turned a baleful glare onto my unreasonably smug girlfriend as she just
grinned around the straw of her shake. 

Amy was a bright tomato of embarrassment as she looked anywhere but at
the two of us, I had a small jumping spider hop up where she was
looking, then had it hop down and pat the back of her hand. 

“Huh.” Amy muttered, lifting her hand up with the spider still on it.

Then I suddenly had a splitting headache as my swarm grew sluggish.
“What the fuck!” I exclaimed, gripping my temples.  “Whatever you’re
doing, please stop.” 

Amy startled, and the headache dissipated.  “Sorry, I was messing with
the part of the spider’s nervous system that your power was affecting… 
“I think that I scrambled the signal.” 

“Please don’t do that ever again.” I groaned, thankfully I had the best
girlfriend ever who passed me one of her migraine pills.  I tossed it
back and chased it with my shake.  “As interesting as it is that you can
do that, it isn’t very useful unless you’re trying to bring me in.” 

“Which I am absolutely not trying to do.” She said quickly.  “I just…  I
think I can do the opposite.” 

That got my attention.  “What, like an amplifier bug?” 

“Yeah, maybe even a signal repeater of some type.” She said, poking at
the cute little spider.  “I’d need something bigger than this, and
preferably something that can fly.” 

Immediately I had a dragonfly land on her hand while a mass of flies
gathered beside her. “Use whatever you need, I’ll let you know how it
works.” 

She barely nodded as the dragonfly began to warp in my perception,
various flies melding into the shifting mass of insects.  Sweat was
dripping down her brow as she continued to tweak things, and
occasionally a spike of pain would lance through my skull, but then it
was like a switch was flipped in my mind. 

“There!” I exclaimed.  “That did something.” 

Amy released the bug to my control and I had it take flight, sending it
off towards the edge of my range.  It took a good five minutes of flight
before it reached the edge, then I felt something peculiar, a smaller
bubble began to protrude away from the edges of my limit.  That bubble
expanded as Amy’s creation flew closer to the edge, and I stopped it
just before it fell outside the original bubble. 

I didn’t want to risk this beauty falling outside of my control. 

“Amy, you are a genius!” I exclaimed, practically flying over the table
to give her a hug.  I didn’t even care that most of Fugly’s was now
staring at us.  “It worked!  It fucking worked!” 

“Glad… To… Hear…” She choked out, “can’t… breathe.” 

I let go and she sucked in a breath, falling back across the table and
into my seat, now very aware of how many people were staring, and more
than a few with cameras out.  My own embarrassment won out, but the
excitement was still there. 

Amy had made me a new bug, one that let me extend my range. 

Of course, Lisa’s phone picked that moment to ring with the dreaded
ringtone that signaled Coil was contacting her.  Amy noticed our tension
at the sudden call and was now razor focused. 

“What’s up boss?” She asked with forced cheer as I leaned close, putting
my ear up against her so I could listen in.

“I have a job for you and your associates.” He said with that silky
smooth voice of his that just screamed creeper.  “I am sending you the
details as we speak.” 

“I’ll look it over once I’m back at my laptop.” Lisa said casually. 
“Kinda out at Fugly’s at the moment.” 

“Oh, I am quite aware.” He said without a hint of surprise.  “I do hope
something fruitful comes from your new association.” 

“No promises on that front.” She said, “Can I get a hint at what this
job looks like?” 

“Oh, it’s quite simple.  Bakuda’s public usefulness is at an end and
what better way to humiliate the PRT than by having the Undersiders
bring her down for good?” 

Lisa gulped at the implication.  He wasn’t cutting Bakuda loose, no way
in hell, he was going to have us take her down, likely stage her death
with one of her own bombs, then he could claim any bombs he has after
are simply ones we captured when we brought her down.  I knew that
because it was what I would do if I was a heartless bitch. 

It sent chills down my spine, because he would likely do the same to the
Undersiders and Lisa once we had outlived our usefulness. 

“I look forward to what you come up with.” He added, then hung up.

“Can you make more of those?” I asked softly, no doubt there was a
hunger in my eyes. 

“I could…” Amy said slowly, still a bit shell-shocked.  “Why?” 

I grinned.  “Because, I finally have a way to track Coil and we need to
take advantage of it before he catches wind of our plans.”

Chapter End Notes

    Another chapter enters the backlog, so enjoy another chapter!


    Chapter 36

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes36>

Coil had set the stage for his little farce within a warehouse on the
edge of ABB territory, setting it up to resemble a cobbled together
Tinker’s lab using spare parts from Bakuda’s actual lab deep within
whatever stronghold he was keeping her in.

The advanced warning of the location allowed me to use the relay bugs
and set up a small swarm to weave silk within the attic - keeping Coil
in the dark on our backup plan.  I didn’t have time for precision work,
but I didn’t need durability or detail to make my plan work.  Coil
wanted to use a stand-in for Bakuda’s untimely death and had vetoed our
objections with a clear threat that it wasn’t up for debate. 

He needed it to be convincing. 

That meant that at least one girl was going into this insanity not
knowing she was being set up to die.  He wanted her caught in an
‘accidental’ blast, where she could be seen by those investigating the
scene. 

I wasn’t comfortable just sacrificing someone like that, even if I was a
villain I didn’t want to be a cold blooded killer.  I was saving that
moment for Coil himself.  That is why we were saying fuck it and rolling
with our setup anyway, consequences be damned.  I refused to sacrifice
someone, even if they aren’t innocent, just to make a plan slightly more
convincing. 

Lisa promised it wouldn’t come to that, that we would make it work.  I
could only hope that said plan would work.  The fall-girl was a
liability regardless, which was why we had to incapacitate her before
the operation began, then do something to keep her quiet.  We were going
to need Amy’s help for that, and she had volunteered to make sure the
woman would be quite unresponsive afterwards. 

How we kept her off Coil’s own radar would prove trickier.  Lisa had
figured out more than a few of Coil’s men inside the PRT, but the
information he had was often too substantial to just amount to what his
spies could provide.  He had someone higher up, or he was someone higher
up.  I just didn’t have the compute power to research everyone we needed
to. 

Not yet at least. 

We had the bomb in place, and I didn’t trust Coil for a moment about the
blast radius or even which effect it would produce.  He insisted it was
another glass bomb like he used to take out Somer’s Rock.  I had my
money on it being something grotesque that would turn her inside out or
some equally fucked up shit.  He wanted evidence, so it wouldn’t be a
black hole at least.  There was a risk that my bug clone would be
revealed by whatever bomb it was, but I’d rather take the chance than
condemn someone to a potential eternity of hell. 

My swarm swept across the warehouse under the cover of Grue’s darkness
and the building storm as Bitch’s dogs busted down a wall.  Lisa and I
were mounted on Judas, Regent on Angelica while Bitch rode on Brutus. 
Grue followed behind us, as he resumed the flow of darkness.  My bugs
immediately set to webbing everyone up while our fake Bakuda slept off
the effects of Amy’s newest creation.  

A wasp loaded with a tranquilizer that should keep someone asleep for
hours. 

I’d asked Brian to make sure his darkness was spilling out around the
warehouse as much as possible; as much to obscure our plan as it was to
prevent Coil from detonating the bomb remotely.  While that was going
on, I had a set of fireflies outside guide Glory Girl right to us.  

Tensions were still high after the bank, but she trusted her sister and
that seemed to be enough to get our foot in the door.  Lady Photon being
less than two blocks away along with Amy probably helped. 

The unconscious girl was quickly collected by the surprised Brute and
spirited away from the chaos within the warehouse.  If she didn’t
believe us before, hopefully this was a step in the right direction on
the trust front. 

As we were securing the scene, my bugs were busy.  The silk stocking was
filled with enough of Amy’s enhanced critters to make a more convincing
swarm clone while the rest were working to put enough of the girl’s
clothes and equipment on to show a hasty preparation in the midst of a
surprise attack. 

Showtime. 

My swarm clone ran out of the back room as it grabbed a device from the
bandolier and drew back to throw it. It was then I triggered the bomb. 
We all watched as the figure flickered, then came running out again,
flickered, then came running out… 

Fuck, she had made a fucking grey boy bomb and he used it so casually. 
The bugs I had placed around her confirmed that the radius was larger
than he stated, and the plan we had told him might have seen one of us
trapped, along with two of his own men.  

Thankfully, nobody was caught in the explosion, once again proving that
a good plan was necessary when dealing with the psychotic monster we
worked for.  Figuring out his identity couldn’t come soon enough. 

“Call it in.” Lisa said as she sent a message to the boss. 

I nodded and dialed the PRT’s hotline for the current crisis.  At least
the city might get a chance to return to something resembling normal now. 

Who was I kidding?  Until Coil was gone, nothing was truly safe.  We
needed a breakthrough, and we needed it last week.  It was time to step
up our game.

Chapter End Notes

    Sorry this one took an extra day, ended up rewriting it. Also, my
    muse went back to Inheritance, which isn't a bad thing really, I'm
    working on chapter 48 of Fistful right now which is part of the finale.


    Chapter 37

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes37>

Bakuda was dead.    

That was the headline the city awoke to.    While the masses cheered,
Lisa and I knew better, Bakuda was a slave to the madman we were forced
to call ‘boss’.    A madman that Lisa had figured out kidnapped a twelve
year old girl while we were busy robbing a bank.    I’d been kicking
myself all morning for missing it, it was blindingly obvious in
hindsight.  Dinah Alcott was a girl I was determined to see rescued. 
Bakuda had earned her imprisonment, this girl hadn’t. 

Amy had called about an hour after everything went down and confirmed
that they had gotten Bakuda’s stand-in to safety.   We’d met up again to
hash out a few things and Amy agreed that we needed to be better prepared. 

Striker 9 was underselling her, by a lot.    She wasn’t just making me
super bugs, but entirely new species of insects.  Her next bit of
biotinkering had been spiders that spun silk at a much increased rate,
and far stronger than even the Darwin’s Bark Spider.  I’d made sure to
immediately put them to work making new costumes for all of the
Undersiders and one for Amy as well.  Fair was fair. 

The big one however, were the relay bugs.  She’d made fifty of them now
and more were going to be added by the day when she had time to work. 
They were incredibly useful, though none of them could breed.  That was
her stipulation, I had to remain on her good side if I wanted
replacements.  That wasn’t even a tall order, Amy might have been a
bitch, but she wasn’t a bad person. 

Didn’t mean she couldn’t become one if pushed though. 

Lisa saw the building blocks of how to break Amy forever, turn her into
a monster even the Slaughterhouse might balk at allowing in.  We weren’t
going to let that happen.  Emancipation would be necessary, as would an
eventual move to another city.  Victoria was a good sister, but Amy’s
fixation in addition to the not-so-subtle Master power the girl
possessed wasn’t doing Amy any favors. 

It may have been stretching the Unwritten Rules a bit, but pressuring
Dean to accept a transfer out of Brockton when he turned eighteen
shouldn’t be too difficult, and Vicky was likely to follow.  Hopefully
that would give Amy the relief she needed. 

All of that would take time, and a lawyer.  Something Mr. Calle was
happy to help with.  Lisa had brought him on for one step of the plan,
which was establishing a paper trail so she could claim all of Coil’s
assets legally.  We still didn’t know who he was, but nobody had the
resources he did without having some legitimate backing. 

He was also proving useful in giving the PRT a headache for questioning
me illegally.  Dad was handling that side of the case, with Lisa acting
as Tattletale to hire him ‘anonymously’ and feed him information.  It
wouldn’t have amounted to anything on its own.

Stalker’s attempt on my life however, /that / was a whole different ball
game.  Calle was talking tens of millions in damages for everything they
ignored or covered up, which was honestly a bit problematic at this
stage since I /was / a supervillain and the polite fiction of identities
wasn’t fooling anyone.

My computer network was still growing, Lisa had come through and I now
had almost a hundred specialized rigs set up in the nearby warehouse
where my swarm was pouring over the information.  Coil had PRT ties, we
could see that now, and it wasn’t just moles.  He was someone higher up
the chain, but not at the top, not quite.  He was probably in line for
it though, or was putting himself in a position to take over in the near
future.  

That actually did narrow things down.  Lisa was working her power into a
brick wall as she poured over the information my growing network of
computers was providing.

“You should take a break.” I whispered to Lisa as I shut down the feeds
to her monitors.  “Come back tomorrow with fresh eyes and no headache.” 

“We’re so close though!” She whined, but curled up closer to me.  “Five
more minutes.” 

“No.” I scooped her up and carried her into my room and set her on my
bed.  “Girlfriend’s orders, no more Thinkering today.” 

“Thinkering?  Really Tay?” 

“You got a better word for it?” I teased back, curling up alongside her,
she looked absolutely adorable in her Psyduck PJs.  “Get some rest, I’m
not going anywhere.” 

“Don’t tempt Murphy.” She grumbled.  “Not good for either of our health.” 

“Being capes isn’t good for our health.” I answered.  “Side effects of
having this level of access, I’m seeing lots of shit.” 

“I know.” She whispered.  “I worry about you, Tay.” 

“Sorry.” I muttered.  “Take a nap, I’ll be here in one way or another.” 

A single firefly landed beside her pillow, then moved over to the
nightstand.  She smiled as I pulled the covers over her.  I kissed her
forehead then left my room.  Brian and Alec were talking in the living
room as I made a quick cup of tea. 

“Nope, not doing it.” Alec said, still focused on his game. 

“Come on, an hour or two, tops and I’m buying you Pizza.” Brian nearly
pleaded.  “The place needs to be ready tomorrow and I still have a lot
to do.” 

“Ask Bitch, or Skittles.” Alec said, his attention never once wavering. 

“Skittles?” I deadpanned.  

He shrugged a single shoulder.  “You and Lisa are practically attached
at the hip, you needed a ship name.” 

“Don’t you start on that,” I warned.  

One of Amy’s new wasps buzzed past him to punctuate the point. 

The wasps did have a queen, the queen just couldn’t produce more
queens.  It was a more elegant solution than asking her to make them by
the dozens, and she had given me several to work with.  I had started
nests in strategic points throughout the city and they otherwise acted
like normal wasp colonies. 

“Sting me then, I could use the nap.” 

“Knock it off you two.” Brian said, invoking his ‘I’m the leader’ voice. 

It was unfortunate he still had to think that.  Lisa had always been in
charge, and she answered to Coil.  He wasn’t in charge of anything and
we all knew it, but he was going to play the part Lisa had pushed him
into. 

“Sure thing Brian.” I answered, taking a sip of tea.  “What did you need
help with?” 

“I have someone coming to inspect my apartment tomorrow to see if it’s a
good place for my sister to live.” 

Right, his custody case.  The carrot Coil was using to string him along,
a carrot that would never bear fruit…  Okay, maybe I needed a break too,
spending so much time on the internet scouring records while teaching
myself code to break into databases was getting to me.  

“I can give you a hand with that.” I offered.  “A change of scenery
might be nice.” 

“Oh, should Lisa be jealous?” Alec asked. 

I flipped him off.  “Brian’s not bad looking, but I’ve got Lisa, his
virtue is quite safe.” 

Brian blushed at my statement.  Huh, maybe it was the whole
‘complimented by a lesbian’ thing, but I couldn’t help but wonder if
there was more to it.  Either way, it wouldn’t go anywhere, I was a one
woman girl. 

“I just need a hand assembling some stuff for Aisha’s room.” He
reiterated.  “There’s pizza and soda in it too.” 

“Fuck it, I’m in.” I said.  “Never one to turn down free pizza.” 

“Great.” He said with a smile.  “We can take my car.”

Chapter End Notes

    Working on the ending feels so weird, especially after letting this
    fic sit for almost a year. Hopefully everyone enjoys the journey!

    Expect 50+ chapters by the end.


    Chapter 38

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes38>

“You live in Empire territory?” I asked as I spotted the second gang
sign in half a block. 

“They can’t run everyone off, and I don’t act /black / enough for them
to make an obvious move in the daylight.” He snarled, clearly irritated
with the state of things.    “Not that it really matters anymore.    The
Empire is done and so are the rest of the gangs.” 

“You walking through here might be enough to spark a Blazing Saddles
moment though.” I countered.    “I don’t think ‘it’s cool, I’m actually
gay’ would dissuade them either.” 

He chuckled.    “Fair point.” 

He led me upstairs to a well decorated apartment with a few conspicuous
boxes of unassembled furniture sitting in the living room. 

“Settle in and grab a soda, I’ll order the pizza.” 

“Meat lovers if you don’t mind.” I said, letting a few of my bugs spread
out to keep watch of the building.    

“You got it!” 

I sat down next to one of the boxes, opening it and giving the
instructions a cursory glance as I arranged the parts.    It was
deceptively simple in assembly, no doubt some part of it would be a pain
in the ass.    Furniture always was.

As I checked a few pieces, making sure we had all the parts, as well as
the nuts and bolts to hold it together, I was inspecting each and every
person coming and going.    Invasion of privacy?    Absolutely.    Did I
care?    Not at all. 

Being a villain could be so freeing at times. 

Morals were a suggestion, not a rule, which freed me to do what was
needed to keep those I cared for safe.  Brian may not be someone I was
interested in, but the Undersiders were my team, my friends, and I would
keep them safe. 

Which is why I noticed when two women stopped outside his door.  I sent
a few flies to get his attention as I stood up and turned towards the
door.  The smaller woman pulled a key from her pocket and unlocked the
door.  Brian had just stepped back into the main living area when the
door opened, revealing a stern woman glaring at who I now saw was a
younger teen girl. 

I was not jealous that she had more of a figure than I did. 

“Mr. Laborn, I thought you would be better prepared.” The stern woman
said, eyeing me.  “Does your current company also reside here?” 

“No, just helping a friend.” I said casually.  “I thought your meeting
wasn’t until tomorrow.” 

“It wasn’t.” He confirmed, then glared at the now whistling teen. 

“I see.  Well, Ms. Laborn and I can discuss the consequences of lying
another time.  Would you rather I come back tomorrow?” 

He glanced at me and I shrugged.  “As long as you can ignore the mess,
work’s been a bit hectic lately and I haven’t had a chance to finish
assembling everything.” 

“I suppose I can, given the circumstances.” She said, again turning a
glare upon Brian’s sister.  “Let’s start with what will be her room then.” 

“Right this way.” He said, leading her off. 

While I pondered that, I went back to the furniture while my bugs
tracked the pair in the adjoining room.  Showing up early like that was
weird, but scheduling problems happened I supposed.  I was tightening a
screw on a shelf when suddenly a girl was right there. 

“Jesus fuck!” I yelped, falling back.  Nobody had snuck up on me like
that since I got my powers.  It was almost as if...  “Who are you?” I
asked the absurdly beautiful girl now in my face.

She grinned wide.  “The name’s Aisha, Skittles.  You, however, can call
me Imp.”

Chapter End Notes

    Aisha: "Rules? What rules?"


    Chapter 39

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Imp... What did she—

“You’re a cape?” I asked. 

Yes the question was obvious, sue me. 

“Yup!” She said smiling.  “And so are you, Skitter.” 

Shit, I had to play this carefully.  What the fuck was with today?

“You do realize how dangerous Skitter is, right?” I asked, leveling a
glare on her.  “If you’re wrong, you put me in danger, if you’re right,
I might try to kill you for outing me.” 

Aisha rolled her eyes.  “Relax, Brian told me he was a cape, and it
wasn’t hard to figure out who he was.  You’re obviously on his team if
you’re here, no offense but you aren’t his type.  Even then, as much of
a stick as you are, you aren’t Regent.  That makes you the bug girl.” 

That was...  What was I doing again?  I thought I was working on
assembling furniture for Brian’s...  Who?  Why was I drawing a blank? 

“And that’s how I know you’re Skitter.” Aisha declared, startling me.  

Where had she...   “You’re a goddamn Stranger.” 

She blinked in confusion, then shrugged.  “Is that the proper term?  I
just thought I was awesome and left it at that.” 

“Sure you did.  Why tell me though?” 

“I want on the team.” She said with surprising conviction. 

I watched her carefully.  “Does Brian know you have powers?” 

“Nope, he’s a stick in the mud that’s always trying to protect me, a fat
lot of good that did when the Empire collapsed and they started
targeting people at random.” 

Realization hit me.  “You triggered in the riots that followed the
Somer’s Rock bombing.” 

“Yeah, two assholes tried to—” She paused, gritting her teeth.  “They
aren’t a problem anymore.” 

It wasn’t hard to read between the lines there.  She killed them and I
couldn’t even blame her for it.  The Empire was a cancer and if Coil
hadn’t ended them, I would have done it myself eventually.  They were a
threat to my Firefly after all, and I wouldn’t tolerate those to live. 

“You don’t want to tell him.” I muttered. 

Aisha deflated a bit.  “No, he’d do something stupid to try and keep me
safe.  He’s a great brother, don’t get me wrong, but he’s way too
overbearing.” 

I couldn’t help but chuckle.  “He does have one hell of a protective
streak.” 

“So you’ll—” 

“Which is why I don’t want to keep that a secret from him, nevermind
Tattletale, not that anyone can keep a secret from her.” 

“But—” 

“No buts, those are my terms.” I said as an idea took shape.  

I’d have to run this by Lisa, but Aisha was a potential game changer
much like Amy could be for getting rid of Coil.  She wanted to help, and
we needed the help, it was a win all around.  I’d have to pay her from
my own pocket though, we couldn’t tip the boss off and I still wasn’t
quite sure how deep in Coil’s pocket Alec was.  That was a talk I needed
to have with him soon, before we made our moves. 

I took a breath.  “If Brian says yes, and Tattletale clears you, I can
think of something your skills would be perfectly suited for.” 

Her eyes lit up with a mischievous sparkle.  “Gonna spell it out right
now, not taking pictures of my big bro for you.” 

I laughed.  “No worries there.  He’s cute and all, but I’m dating
Tattletale.” 

Aisha blinked for a moment, then fell over laughing just in time for the
two to come out of Aisha’s room.  Brian looked embarrassed, but the
inspector was smiling.  I got the impression that she wasn’t used to
seeing Aisha being so jovial. 

Well, now I just had to convince my girlfriend that this was a good idea.


    Chapter 40

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

“You recruited a Stranger.” Lisa said incredulously, eyeing Aisha out of
the corner of her eye.  “A Stranger who just so happens to be Brian’s
sister and asked to join.” 

“Yes, that is exactly what we just spent five minutes explaining.” Aisha
drawled out.  “Seriously, what do you see in this know-it-all bitch?” 

“I look damn good in spandex.” Lisa said offhandedly.  “I get why you
wanted to join up with your brother’s team, it removes a lot of
complications from your life compared to the Wards.” She turned a
pointed look upon me.  “What I want to know is why you think wrapping
her up in our schemes is such a good idea?” 

“That bastard has no idea she’s involved.” I countered.  “If we play
things right, she could help us verify things, get rid of him before he
can act against us.” 

“She’s also another loose end he could pressure, and something else he
could use to leverage Brian if he knows.” Lisa said, pinching her nose. 
“You’re risking a lot here.” 

“He’d have to remember I exist first.” Aisha said proudly. 

Lisa and I blinked for a moment before I saw her face scrunch up with
the signs of a building Thinker headache.  I was on autopilot as I
passed her some pain meds as I wondered why I had a message log on one
of my bug monitors about a girl named Aisha and…  

“Aisha, drop it.” I said, following the instructions I had left myself. 
Why had I… 

“No fucking fair!” Aisha yelled as she pouted in front of us. 

“Clever.” Lisa said as she smirked at me.  “Okay, point proven about
your power.  Tay here just cheats.” 

“If you aren’t cheating, are you really trying?” I said with a shrug,
thankful I had thought to leave myself that message.  “Which is why
we’re going to win this.  We’re going to stack the deck so damn much in
our favor that Coil is gonna shit himself once it all hits him.” 

“Gross.” Aisha said with a roll of her eyes. 

“Okay, bad analogy.” I said with a scrunched nose.  “Point is, this
bastard needs to die and I think you could help make it happen.” 

“I thought you guys were thieves?  Why are you planning to kill someone?” 

“How do you think I got recruited?” Lisa said softly.  “A gun to the
head was the pitch and a bullet to the brain was my retirement option. 
I’m a dead girl walking so long as that man lives.” 

“And I refuse to stand back and let anyone hurt my girl.” I said
vehemently. 

Aisha looked between us.  “Why do you need me?  I get that my powers are
awesome, but so are yours!  Why can’t you just have bugs eat him alive
or something?” 

“He’s a precog.  Can see how both sides of a coin flip would play out.”
Lisa said.  “Taking him down requires more information than we currently
possess.” 

“Like his civilian identity as well as his current base.” I added.  “We
have help from someone else who is sympathetic, but it isn’t enough, not
yet at least.” 

“I take it that if I’m going to be helping you with this, I can’t join
the Undersiders all proper like?” She asked. 

I shook my head.  “Not yet, it would draw attention to the fact we have
a powerful Stranger on our side and make certain jobs harder.” 

Lisa nodded.  “Not to mention that Coil would absolutely kidnap and
question you in a throw away timeline, using whatever torture necessary,
including killing your brother.” 

“Yeah, his power is bullshit like that.” I agreed.  “Still interested?” 

“Damn, now you’ve got me wanting to shank the bastard too.” Aisha said,
flopping back onto the sofa, her face scrunched in thought.  “Fuck it,
I’m in.” 

I smiled.  “Welcome to the team Imp.” 


    Chapter 41

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes41>

Coil had called with another job for the Undersiders, the Protectorate
was hosting a little charity gala to celebrate the end of the ABB.  He
wanted us to embarrass the hell out of them for having the audacity, and
rob all the rich guests.  That was all well and good, a simple enough
job that wouldn’t have too many opportunities for him to fuck us over
even if they were warned we were coming.  I was all for pulling off the
job as were the rest of the Undersiders. 

No, what interested me the most was the guest list and how it contained
the entirety of my now much narrowed list of potential names for Coil’s
civilian identity.  Having all of them under one roof made it so much
simpler for Lisa to get a feel for everyone.  

Thus, she had begun to plot and plan like the good little villain that
she was. 

“I am not good, I am dastardly!” She said indignantly from her position
in my lap. 

Rather than retort, I kissed her forehead.

I chuckled at her irritated huff, but my bugs could see the smile on her
face all the same.  She wasn’t fooling anyone with her little display. 
We had a few days to plan it all out, and Amy made sure she would be
there with her sister and aunt to make it look good.  It said a lot that
they didn’t trust Brandish to not flip out at the whole working with
villains thing, and Lisa had said even Photon Mom was a surprise to see
cooperating with us.  They triggered together, and as all Parahumans
knew, trigger trauma was a bitch. 

We weren’t going to turn down the help however, we all agreed that Coil
needed to go down if he was willing to kidnap and drug little girls. 
The less questions asked about how we intended to do it, the better.  

I was currently back tracing the financial records Lisa had recovered
from the bank, she’d digitized all of it before passing it off to Coil
which was speeding up my research.  I’d found damning evidence of
corruption from four different PRT personnel, one was Deputy Director
Rennick, which was all kinds of concerning.  Another was a consultant
and strike commander by the name of Thomas Calvert.  

I don’t know what had me so fixated on him, but if anything, his
dealings with the PRT were a bit too squeaky to be legitimate.  His
personal dealings however?  There was no way that Fortress Construction
was losing that much money being one of the premiere Endbringer shelter
providers in the United States. 

The funny part was how that money was moving around, it always seemed to
vanish into some no name shell company, and said company soon vanished
itself.  Whatever was going on there, it wasn’t normal, and it sure as
hell wasn’t legal. 

Another likely contender was Max Anders, CEO of Medhall
Pharmaceuticals.  He however had vanished from the public eye and his
family seemed to be doing something fishy with his holdings.  It was
almost as if he had died and they were trying to keep it from going public. 

I focused my entire cluster on that mystery, tracing funds as fast as
the shitty Brockton internet would let me.  I was lost in the sea of
information as I collected the relevant things and passed them along to
Lisa.  When I came across some funds I managed to trace back to Germany
and Lisa hissed at the same time it clicked for me. 

Well, that narrowed it down to the PRT personnel.  Max Anders had been
Kaiser, and was currently a glass sculpture sitting within Somer’s
Rock.  It didn’t take long after that to link every single Empire cape
to someone within Medhall.  Most of those that had survived the attack
by Coil had already fled to Germany, leaving Kaiser’s son Theo Anders
and his Ex, Kayden Anders, aka fucking Purity as the only ones able to
claim anything relating to Medhall.  That explained the quiet cleanup
and preparations.  Lisa assembled the information needed to piece it all
together and emailed it off to a journalist she had used in the past. 

It wasn’t a direct violation of the Rules, but close enough that it left
a bitter taste in my mouth, but at the same time, they were Nazis, so
who gives a shit?  Now narrowed down to three, I set about onto the next
most likely person.  

We were running out of time, and I needed to dig as deep as I could, but
at the same time, I could recognize the beginnings of a Thinker headache
when I saw them, so off the monitors went and I curled up with my
firefly while my bugs sent a message to Imp to trail Rennick on his way
home tonight.  Amy’s relay bugs were great, but they did have drawbacks
with each additional relay I needed, and their range decreased along a
steady curve.  Still, they were an amazing force multiplying that I
intended to abuse in the coming days.

“We’re so close.” Lisa whispered against my collar.  “It almost doesn’t
feel real.” 

“I know, my firefly.” I said softly.  “Soon, you’ll be free.” 

I held her tighter against me, and pretended to ignore her sniffles as
she smiled.  I would burn the world itself to protect her, and soon
everyone would know just how far I was willing to go for those I loved.

Chapter End Notes

    So, the final chapters are being drafted, with chapter 50 being the
    final chapter of the main story, and an epilogue to follow. I'm in
    the home stretch for finishing a story and it feels surreal.


    Chapter 42

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes42>

“All variables confirmed on site.” I said, sitting atop Angelica with
Tattletale.  “Battery in civvies mingling, Gallant is being distracted
by Glory Girl in a broom closet two floors down.” 

“That is so creepy.” Regent said mockingly.  “You’re like a super voyeur!” 

“Local omniscience does have its downsides.” I said in agreement.  “Take
what you do in the shower, didn’t need to know that.” 

“Like what you saw?” He asked, striking a pose atop Judas. 

“If I wasn’t already gay, I would have become so.” I said sagely. 

“Ouch!” He exclaimed, clutching his chest.  “My ego, my only weakness!” 

Tattletale snickered from behind me while Grue huffed. 

“Can we please focus on the job?  We can make fun of Regent once we
finish it.” 

“You heard the man.” Lisa said.  “Work before taking pleasure in tearing
down Regent’s fragile ego.” 

“You wound me, Tattles.” He added.  

“Armsy’s starting his speech.” I said, snapping everyone into focus. 
“You all remember your roles?” 

“Sure thing Skittles.” Regent said, his voice flippant but his posture
wound up, ready to strike. 

My bugs surged up the side of the building, the fly I had on Amy’s arm
fluttered its wings to signal her and Bitch’s dogs surged into motion. 
We bounded over the edge of the building, they slammed against the wall
of another and pushed off, sending us through the balcony windows and
doors of the Forsberg Gallery with a resounding crash. 

Regent immediately swept his arm, sending two PRT personnel crashing
into a table, overturning it and spilling so many expensive little
finger foods all over them.  I sent my bugs to help clean them up and
make sure they didn’t move too much, couldn’t have them exacerbating
their injuries, now could we?

Grue’s darkness flooded the room as we dismounted and I flicked my baton
out as I went straight for Velocity.  Grue’s darkness was keeping him
from moving at speed, which made him vulnerable.  Two cracks of my baton
and he was down for the count. 

My swarm picked up some annoyingly high pitched pulse from within Grue’s
darkness.  It wasn’t quite sound, but similar enough to get my
attention.  Some form of radar that worked within Grue’s darkness?  That
was all kinds of bullshit, but Tinkers, given time to prepare they could
do anything. 

My spiders bound Amy’s legs loosely, enough she had the excuse to stay
down, and Lady Photon lit up Brutus with several weak lasers just before
Regent caused her to flip in midair and fall to the ground beside Amy
who quickly grabbed her wrist and put her to sleep.  We didn’t want to
risk Armsmaster seeing her faking things. 

“Angelica, Brutus, hurt!” Bitch called, pointing at the blue tinman. 

I hurried over to the fallen PRT agents and grabbed one of their foam
packs and began to hose down the fallen heroes.  I spared a glance at
Amy as she sighed before I covered her and her aunt in foam.  Below my
bugs picked up Vicky and her boy toy hastily trying to get up here, but
my bugs had webbed up their clothes sufficiently that they wouldn’t be
joining us anytime soon. 

“Attention rich assholes!” Regent yelled, holding his Taser
theatrically, the mayor at his mercy.  “We’re robbing the shit out of
you so please be dears and have all your valuables ready for your
friendly neighborhood biblical plague and know-it-all to collect!” 

Lisa and I fanned out with the collection bags, taking jewelry and from
the rich assholes.  They wouldn’t have much cash, and the monetary
payout wasn’t the reason Coil had asked us to do this regardless. 
Still, he didn’t know we had an ulterior motive tonight.  Lisa passed
over Rennick and Calvert, taking their watches with a wide smile.  The
final mark was unconscious on the floor, having passed out from fright
the moment we burst in. 

It would have been a good cover if he hadn’t also soiled himself.  

“Glory Hole is on her way!” I yelled, the signal that we needed to go
even though she wasn’t quite ready yet.  I flashed a firefly where she
could see it to let her know we’d accomplished our goal and suddenly she
was free of my spider’s webbing all at once.  “Move your asses!” 

Bitch whistled and we began to mount up.  Brutus and Judas had been
injured while fighting Beardmaster, but were still good to go.  I sent
swarm clones into the room as distractions and we bounded back out the
window and down to the street.  The concrete shattered beneath us and
the dogs burst into motion, easily outpacing the traffic as we raced away. 

Glory Girl burst out of the building and began her pursuit, and she was
gaining on us.  My bugs almost missed it, but I pulled Lisa aside just
as Miss Militia pulled the trigger.  The bullet struck Angelica’s
armored plating rather than Lisa’s vulnerable shoulder and I saw red. 
My swarm fell upon her and didn’t hold back the venom of their stings as
she screamed. 

Nobody took a shot at my firefly. 

Not without a biblical response falling upon them. 

“Careful babe, your Khepri is showing.” Tattletale said with a warmth
that lit up my soul. 

Miss Militia’s screams were quick to fade into the distance and Glory
Girl had peeled off to help her instead of chasing us.  I’d have to
answer for that later, but I didn’t care.  We were safe, and riding off
into the metaphorical sunset after yet another successful job.  

“Did you figure it out?” I asked softly. 

“Yeah,” she said, steel creeping into her voice.  “It’s Calvert.  He’s
Coil.”

Chapter End Notes

    I am having so much fun writing the epilogue, but at the same time
    it is bitter sweet. I'm gonna miss this story when it's done.


    Chapter 43

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

    In which we actually feel sorry for what's coming for Coil... Pft, nah.

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes43>

“I would have shot him if I hadn’t known to expect him.” Lisa said,
pacing across my living room.  “Even then, I almost did it anyway!  He
was right there, but I knew he would have kept a backup just to be safe,
then he would have known and we would have been fucked!” 

“Language.” Dad said, though his face was scrunched in concentration. 
“So, you know who he is, what’s the plan now?” 

“I have my computers poking around his finances.” I said.  “He’s got
someone covering his tracks for him, but the trail’s there if you have
Thinker support.” 

Lisa flashed me a wide smile.  “He uses the Number Man, it’s how we got
paid that quarter mil each for tonight’s job.” 

“Oh right, those shady accounts run by the villain banker.” I said,
vaguely remembering the after call he had sent us an hour prior. 

We’d passed off the jewelry to his people, and gotten a bonus for the
shock and awe we had delivered.  To pay us, he had given us accounts
with the Number Man that we could access anytime, anywhere.  I’d
arranged for the rest of my money to be picked up as well and once Coil
was gone we would find a way to filter it into my civilian life. 

“We can trace his finances and see what can be co-opted, that’s the easy
part.” Lisa said, stopping in the middle of the room.  “The hard part is
catching him with his pants down and getting him in a no win situation.” 

“Should be easy enough.” Dad said.  “His power is to make two choices
and see how they play out, so you set things into motion so that he’s
screwed no matter where he is or what he’s doing.” 

“That could work.” Lisa said.  “We’ll need to be careful, but it doesn’t
hurt to have backup plans.” 

“Have something in mind?” I asked. 

“His house is a weak-point to target.  He’ll get paranoid if things
start happening there.” She mused.  “We can’t do anything obvious, he
would get suspicious.” 

“We can spike his water with something that gives him the shits.” I said
with a chuckle.  “Make him uncomfortable, convince him he has health
issues.” 

“He might call in Amy if he does.” Dad said. 

“Or kidnap her.” I added.  “If we’re going that far, it wouldn’t hurt to
just kill him a few times he’s at home asleep.  No way he sleeps at home
in both splits, so killing him would throw him even further off his game
if we make it instant.” 

Lisa smirked.  “Convince him he’s dying of a heart attack or brain
hemorrhage…  That could work…” 

“Alternatively, you could have Amy make you something that does the
job.” Dad said.  “Why not go all in if you’re going to get creative?” 

I paused, a memory of certain parasites coming to mind and my own smile
began to grow.  “Dad, you’re a genius.” 

He chuckled ruefully, shaking his head.  “Great, the most feared villain
left in the city just complimented me.  What am I doing with my life?” 

“Being a good father.” Lisa said softly, catching both of us off guard.

There were tears building in the corners of her eyes as her hands
trembled.  I was off the couch and holding her before I could blink. 
That broke the dam and she was crying in earnest in my embrace.  I knew
her family life had been shit, and something relating to them had been
part of her trigger.  I’d never pried for details, and I never would. 

“Well, we’re here for you Lisa.” Dad said, standing up and walking over
to us.  He reached out and ruffled her hair.  “You’re family now, never
forget that.” 

I could have hugged him if it weren’t for the blubbering blonde in my
arms, I could only hope my own watery smile conveyed how much I
appreciated him in that moment.  We may have had a murderous child
kidnapper to make suffer, but right now we were a family, and that was
all that mattered.

Chapter End Notes

    The final epilogue has been drafted, 51 chapters total. Saturday
    September 3rd should mark the end of the fic if all goes to plan. I
    look forward to seeing you all at journey's end.


    Chapter 44

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes44>

“I still can’t believe you talked me into that.” Amy said, her voice a
bit distant in the call.    “This had better have been worth it.” 

Calvert had yet to go home for the night since we managed to infect him
with Amy’s little creation a week ago.  A nasty combination of the Alien
chestburster and a heartworm, it was yet another reminder to never piss
off this girl.  The things were under my total control too, I could
spring them at will, but for now I was only doing so when he went into
work at the PRT building or slept at home.  

And only when he could confirm I wasn’t anywhere close to being within
range.  The less he suspected me, the better chance we had at making his
death stick when it counted. 

“Don’t tell me she’s actually taking a smoke break.” Lisa said, wrapping
her hair in a towel as she came back into the room.    “Holy shit girl,
those things will kill you.” 

Amy huffed.    “I can’t get cancer and my body expels foreign toxins
almost perfectly, perk of my power.” 

“Can you even get drunk?” I asked.    

“If I drink enough, but it clears up way too damn fast.” She said,
sounding genuinely upset about that.  “Vicky insisted we test it, for
science.

Lisa chuckled, but seemed to agree.    “That sounds miserable.” 

“Tell me about it.” She snarled.    “Getting shitfaced honestly sounds
delightful right now.” 

“What, no severed limbs to reattach?” I asked. 

“No!    Those are at least an interesting challenge, but it’s all been
cancer this, heart attack that.    All old hat for me at this point.   
I swear, if I see another case of rectal cancer tonight I’m gonna scream.” 

I grimaced.    Knowing how her power really worked, that did sound like
a special kind of hell, almost as bad as if all I had was a single type
of bug to work with at any given time.  I knew she didn’t want to make
bugs for a villain, but she was enjoying the challenge of using her
power for something new. 

“How about parasitic infections?” Amy asked.    “Any updates on the main
bastard?” 

“Far as I know he’s unaware, but he might have figured it out in an
alternate and is keeping quiet.” I said, skimming over his finances and
sorting data for Lisa to pilfer later.    She’d already secured tens of
millions from under his nose, and there was more for the picking - after
managing to get herself listed as his /heiress / .    The question of
how she managed that was always met with a wink and a whispered ‘trade
secret’.

She was so hot.

Dad was in the kitchen cooking breakfast for the three of us and we were
hoping for a lazy Sunday morning.  We would be moving on Coil on the
sixteenth - tomorrow.    There were good odds that something would go
wrong to fuck it all up and we just wanted one normal day to be a family. 

Pity Amy had gone into the hospital due to a traffic accident and
decided to put in a ‘quick’ two hours of volunteer work.    Lisa kept
insisting she needed to open a clinic, offer her services to rich
clientele and make some damn money.    She could still volunteer, but
she needed to take advantage of the fact that she was Panacea, laws be
damned she could always bribe the politicians with healing to get the
law repealed.    Or threaten them with cancer if they put up a fight.   
Whatever worked. 

Then again, she was trying to present herself as the selfless hero, the
great Panacea.    Pity, she really could make a fortune if she wanted. 
  Hell, Lisa was pressuring Vicky to talk her into making better weed,
which would sell like nobody’s business.    It was the one drug I was
okay with the Undersiders moving, and if we could get her to provide
improved stock…    We might be able to avoid dealing in the shit that
the Merchants had specialized in. 

A girl could hope. 

“Tomorrow, girl.” Lisa said with a grin.  “Let’s get some breakfast then
we can go pick Amy up for a movie or something to help her unwind.” 

I smiled.  “Sure thing Lise, you good with that Amy?” 

“Yeah, that sounds-” Amy’s voice cut off with a hiss.  “Fuck, kidnapping
attempt, call aunt Sarah!” 

“It’s Coil.” Lisa said, her eyes unfocused.  “Not his first attempt
either, he wants us to scramble to rescue Amy, leaving us off balance.” 

I was already doing an inventory of everything in range, every person,
every vehicle.  At the same time, I reached out through the relay bugs
to his base, and found the parasite riddled Calvert sitting at his desk,
speaking orders that I couldn’t hear through the parasitic critters. 

That was when I saw a van closing on my house.  “East side, tinted
windows and no bugs inside!”  Lisa bit back a curse as she hurriedly
slipped on the silk costume I’d made for her.  I grabbed my baton and
flicked it out while grabbing the pistol that Lisa had gotten me what
felt like forever ago.  Lisa had her own in hand and was doing a quick
check.  I threw on my own silk undersuit, but didn’t have the time to
put all the armored panels on.  “Dad!  Get to the basement!” 

He listened, thankfully, but he didn’t go unarmed, grabbing a shotgun
that I had insisted he keep loaded and on hand at all times.  There were
several other guns in the basement for a last stand if needed.  We’d
done what we could to prepare for Coil, and no doubt he knew about all
of it thanks to prior attempts. 

My swarm pulled in close, blanketing the grass in chitin.  If they
wanted us, they were going to have hell to pay.  I just had to hope that
Amy could hold on until we could take down Coil’s little toy soldiers
and get back out there. 

It seemed we were getting started early.

Chapter End Notes

    Lisa: "I think the plan worked a little too well!"

    Tay, looking at the soldiers closing on them: "What ever gave you
    that impression?"


    Chapter 45

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes45>

Glass shattered as canisters flew into the windows, my swarm covered the
mercenaries head to toe but they came prepared with bug suits.  It would
take my swarm time to eat holes through the material, even with Amy’s
enhanced critters, so we had to manage the old fashioned way.  I raised
my pistol over the window and fired off three shots. 

One merc went down, because no matter how reinforced your gear, three
bullets perfectly grouped are going to puncture your visor.  My bugs
could smell the blood and I knew that I had just taken a life.  I could
dwell on that later, I had a girlfriend and a dad to protect. 

My bugs formed up into clones, vibrating their bodies to create heat
signatures to throw off thermals.  Better yet, the swarms were
reinforced by Amy’s creations.  They used a breaching charge on our
door, because of course they did, and the first one in got a fistful of
cicadas. 

Granted, they were Amy’s enhanced cicadas, which were as tough as steel. 

He stumbled back from the impact which was all the opening we needed. 
My enhanced spiders swarmed the guy, webbing up his legs, then securing
him to the door frame.  They were prepared for that however and just
kicked him over and used him as a bridge to cross atop the silk.  Lisa
fired off several rounds, getting them to react as my swarm created a
blanket of enhanced critters to absorb the return fire.

I finished securing my armor and affixed my mask just as Lisa came back
into my room. 

“He didn’t send nearly enough people if he was just running two ops,
he’s probably after the others too.” 

I nodded.  “We just have to trust that our team can handle things.” 

“He still has a safe timeline running, and we don’t have a contingency
to collapse it.” She said, “We have to win otherwise he’ll just keep
this one and be able to split two paths where he has Amy captive.” 

“There is an alternative.” I said as my swarm clones began to wrestle
with the mercs.  They lacked the mass to stand toe to toe, but they
could still provide a distraction.  “We still have to win this either
way.” 

Lisa grimaced, no doubt having figured out what I was thinking, but he
had us all pinned, and no doubt he had plans for New Wave as well.  We
were running out of options if he had this many plans in motion and even
if we won this one, he would just collapse it and try again a few
minutes from now. 

We had to shake things up. 

He couldn’t kill Amy, she was the only one who could cure him, and he
probably wanted confirmation if we were behind his sudden parasitic
infestation and continuing health issues.  We all knew to play ignorant
and take it to the grave if interrogated, and that he would happily kill
us to try and get us to talk.  Still, we were to treat every timeline
like he might keep it, so we would attempt to make these as unpalatable
as possible.

He had Amy, and she knew the rules of this game, she would put him in a
coma with her first touch.  The parasites served as the marker as to if
he was the real one or a body double and that wouldn’t be easily
duplicated.  She still put the body double into a coma so he didn’t know
if she could tell the difference, but the real one she would also set up
for catastrophic health issues in forty eight hours.  It was good
insurance for if he decided to keep that version of events for some
stupid reason. 

My relay bugs had extended an offshoot towards the hospital, and I
located the bug Amy kept on her to help me find her.  She was cuffed and
secured, and the mercs were in similar hazmat suits which meant he knew
Amy could disable people with a touch.  I just had to wonder how much he
knew now that we had confirmation he was in motion. 

In the end, it didn’t matter, we needed to act.  I rushed down the
stairs, weaving between the masses of my roiling swarm and struck the
knee of one merc with my baton while my gun targeted the joint of their
armor.  The swarm was loud enough, and the mercs had been panic firing
enough rounds that nobody thought anything of it at first.  

Just as I was about to round on the next the basement door flew open and
Dad emerged with shotgun in hand and fired point blank into one merc’s
back.  I didn’t have time to dwell on the danger he was putting himself
in and focused on clearing the room. 

In the end they went down easily enough, which told us exactly how thin
he had spread his forces.  He had to be acting on half a dozen targets
to send so few after us.  Before we could finish confirming we were in
the clear, my phone rang. 

I recognized the number and answered.  “Aisha, you alright?” 

“Some warning about the assholes coming for my bro would have been
nice!” She yelled. 

I winced.  “We told you Coil plays for keeps.” 

“Yeah, yeah.” She grumbled.  “He’s fine by the way and we’re going to
check on the rest of your team now.” 

“Were you planning to tell me my sister was a cape?” Brian demanded, I
could tell he was pissed, but he must have been driving if he was this
restrained. 

“As soon as our boss was dead.” Lisa retorted, grabbing her keys.  “If
you can’t tell, he’s kinda trying to kill us.” 

“Why is that?” Brian asked, it sounded like his teeth were grinding. 

“He recruited me at gunpoint, why the fuck do you think he’s coming
after us?” Lisa snarled. 

“We can argue later Lise, we have a bastard to kill and a grumpy healer
to rescue.” 

We were out the door moments later, with dad on our heels.  Bad as
things were, he was safer with us than on his own.  We piled in Lisa’s
car which was parked just down the road in the event a fight broke out
at home and dad’s truck was collateral, which it was.  He wasn’t too
happy about that, cursing to himself as we ran past it. 

Lisa had just stuck her keys in the ignition as we all froze, a shrill
sound coming from each of our phones, a sound everyone dreaded to hear. 

No… 

Not now… 

A fucking Endbringer was attacking.

Chapter End Notes

    Ruh Roh.


    Chapter 46

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

“Is it here?” I asked in a whisper. 

“No.” Lisa said immediately, thumbing through her phone after killing
the alert.  “The PRT is rallying but it’s for an outgoing teleport,
looks like Florida is the target.” 

“Amy never misses one of these, and Coil has her.” I said softly.  “Why
hasn’t he ended this attempt?  Why is this still going?” 

“He must have already split again.” Lisa said, the car peeling out as we
burst into motion.  “This isn’t good, with Amy missing the Protectorate
is going to be split on the response.” 

I dialed Sarah’s number.  “Who the hell—” 

“This is Skitter.” I interjected. 

“So this is how things are, we trusted you and you just—” 

“Coil has her!” I yelled, we didn’t have time to play this game.  “He
sent mercs to kill us at the same time, it’s why I didn’t get to call. 
Listen, we need you to make sure the heroes know he took Amy, his base
is underneath Fortress Construction’s new high rise.” 

“He’s Thomas Calvert.” Lisa added.  “Next in line for the Director
position after Piggy.” 

I could hear a couple of people in the room with her start cursing at
that little revelation, oh well.  If an Endbringer was going to make
this easier, we were taking advantage of it. 

“Yeah, that asshole.” I added.  “We’re on our way to stage a rescue,
we’d appreciate any help we can get.” 

“You’d violate the rules after all this?” Sarah asked. 

“Endbringer Truce is in effect and he kidnapped Panacea.” I said with a
snarl.  “So screw the goddamn rules, we’re getting our friend back.” 

“I’ll do what I can to convince the PRT to help.” Sarah said.  “Please
save my niece.” 

“Coil won’t know what hit him.” Lisa said and I ended the call. 

I leaned back in my seat, taking a deep breath as I did. “They’ll
prioritize Leviathan, won’t they?” 

“Yeah.” Lisa said softly.  “We’ll be lucky if we get any help, even from
the local teams.”

“Why won’t New Wave help?” Dad asked. 

“Vicky isn’t answering her phone.” Lisa said, holding it in a death
grip.  “She must have flown off without it.” 

“Or Coil fried it to keep her in the dark.” I said softly.

Lisa nodded.  “Which would put Carol on the warpath and Sarah’s kept her
out of the loop about our alliance to remove Coil…”

There was no helping it then, we were stuck doing this on our own.  

Instead of fretting over that, I called Aisha back.  

“Sup doc?” 

I groaned.  “Are Regent and Bitch alright?” 

“Yuppo Bugsy, they didn’t even get a courtesy visit, which is all kinds
of bullshit.” She whined.  “Do you know how many fuckers I had to sta-
Hey!” 

“Taylor?” Brian said, apparently having taken her phone.  

“No time to explain.” Lisa yelled.  “We’re hitting Coil, head downtown. 
He’s got Amy at his base under Fortress Construction in violation of the
Endbringer Truce.” 

“Really splitting hairs on that justification.” My dad grumbled, I
reached back and smacked his leg.

“Leviathan’s hitting Florida and the Protectorate can’t spare anyone to
help, but if word gets out…” 

“Yeah, I get it…” Brian muttered.  “We’ll be there.” 

Lisa cleared her throat.  “If it’s any consolation, we’re gonna make
millions if we take him down.” 

There was a chuckle on the other end that I recognized as Alec’s smarmy
ass and I couldn’t help but smile, though it was a pained expression.  I
just had to hope we weren’t too late. 

“Let’s go deliver our resignation letter and collect our severance,
shall we?”


    Chapter 47

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes47>

“Boss!  Thank god we could get through to you!” I said hastily. 

“Skitter.” His tone was cold and distant while dripping with suspicion. 
“I figured you of all people would be going to help with the Endbringer.” 

So he was aware of it and it wasn’t his power fucking with him.  It also
meant that he had willingly kept this branch and probably was running
new splits as we had guessed.  I had to hope my counterpart was also
running this scheme, at least until I could get him to run a new split
for us. 

“Someone’s trying to frame you, we were attacked by mercs but they went
down too easy to be yours.  Grue was attacked at home as were Tattletale
and I.  This is a grave violation of the Endbringer Truce and we need to
answer it in force.” 

“You’re sure someone else attacked you?” He asked carefully. 

Lisa leaned closer.  “We are, boss.  If this was you, with your power,
we would be dead.” 

“That is a reasonable assessment.” He said in agreement.  “What do you
need from me?” 

“Granted, we weren't sure until we discovered Grue had been able to fend
off an assault on his own.  That’s when Tattletale knew for sure it
wasn’t you, she wanted to make sure her power wasn’t fucking her over
again.”  I took a quiet breath, this was it, our big play.  “If they
came for us like that, there’s a chance they’re planning to hit your
base.  We want to be there to reinforce you in that event.”

“It’s not like we would be much help against Leviathan, I can’t exactly
insult the giant lizard into hysterics.” Lisa added. 

“Very well, you know the address I take it?” 

We weren’t supposed to know it, but lying wouldn’t do much good.  “I’m
all but certain you’re operating out of the Endbringer Shelter beneath
the new high rise downtown.” 

“Very astute of you, Skitter.  I see your reconnaissance work has paid
off.” 

I let some pride show at that.  “It’s the same way I figured out the
Empire was working out of Medhall, I like being thorough.” 

“You have been busy.” He stated.  “I’ll have some men ready to show you
in when you arrive.” 

The line went dead. 

Lisa let out a shuddering breath.  “Well, no going back now.” 

I wrapped Lisa in a tight embrace.  “We’ll win, I promise you that my
firefly.” 

“Yeah.  Let’s show St. Patrick how it’s done!” Aisha cheered. 

Oh right, she was with us.  “You do know that-” 

“That it was a metaphor for heathens and gays?” She said, surprising
both of us.  “I may act like me, but that doesn’t mean I’m an idiot. 
Give me some credit here.” 

Little did Coil know, we were already outside, and I had my bugs working
overtime within his base.  Deep within I found the empty vault and
thanked our lucky stars we had convinced him to not bring the Travelers
to Brockton.  He didn’t need the firepower with most of the gangs dead
and a nascent Endbringer was just asking for trouble.  Accord shipped
them off to Miami instead. 

It took me moments to find Amy within one of their medical rooms with an
IV in her arm that seemed to be doing dick all if her spitfire tongue
was any indication. 

“I swear to fuck, I will expel your entrails out your goddamn ears if
you don’t let me go right this minute you cunts!” 

“Remind me to never piss Amy off.” I muttered. 

Lisa nodded.  “All the cancer is the girl’s opening salvo, I don’t want
to see what happens when she has time to get creative.” 

“She seems fine for now at least.” I landed a single gnat on her arm and
could tell she noticed by the sudden static that pulsed from the bug’s
senses before it faded.  “She knows we’re here, which means she’ll be
ready to move when I signal her.” 

Lisa gulped.  “She knows our biology, so hopefully she remembers to bake
in an immunity clause into whatever she releases…” 

“Amy’s a professional,” I said, “and our friend besides.  Have some
faith.” 

Lisa pulled our car around to the side entrance where two people dressed
as construction workers were waiting for us, but my bugs had already
spotted the guns hidden in their coats.  They took one glance at our
vehicle and opened the gate. 

We parked and all five of us stepped out of the vehicle.  The mercs eyed
Grue, whose arm was in a bloodied sling but didn’t comment like the
professionals they thought themselves to be.  The few bugs I had in the
room with Coil saw him open a false wall within his office and I slipped
the flies inside.  There were bug zappers in both rooms and I had to
resist their instincts to fly into the warm lights. 

Inside was a girl sitting on a bed, her clothes disheveled and hair
unkempt.  She was young, barely a teenager if that.  Finally, I had
found the girl that Coil had kidnapped while we were having fun at the
bank.  Dinah Alcott. 

Now there was nothing keeping me from finishing things.

Chapter End Notes

    Let the finale commence! Skitter vs Coil! Taylor vs Thomas! Who will
    win and what will it cost?


    Chapter 48

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes48>

Coil was asking Dinah something, and she was giving him answers in long
strings of what sounded like numbers.  She was a Thinker, drugged up out
of her mind.  An obedient slave just like he had threatened to do to my
firefly.  Obviously it was no idle threat if he was willing to do it to
such a young girl. 

I didn’t have enough bugs in the room to hear what was being said, and
that was bad.  If she was as good as Lisa at pulling information from
nothing, we were in serious trouble.  I had my bugs drop their subtlety
and begin to brute force their way inside the base.  Tinkertech
solutions were well and good at keeping most curious insects out, but
not mine. 

We were escorted into the depths of his Bond lair as I began to
distribute my new swarms.  The bugs hovering around me were expected,
and the men didn’t seem to notice how I kept breaking individuals away
to spread out.  All of these were Amy’s creations, a shit load of tranq-
wasps carried the silk weavers where they could do the most damage. 

Of more immediate concern was locating the self-destruct bullshit he had
rigged the entire base with.  I needed to disable that before we killed
him, because I wouldn’t put it past the bastard to have it tied to a
heart monitor or some shit.

My bugs were moving with purpose, and one of the ones that slipped away
from me was carrying a Trojan within a usb drive.  That drive went
straight to his office where it was connected to his PC.  Said Trojan
was set to disable his entire network unless Lisa provided a password
that required her power’s assistance to crack. 

No dead man’s switch bullshit would save him. 

That just left Amy and Dinah to rescue and two dozen mercs to survive.  

No pressure or anything!  

I was planting tranq-wasps on each merc I tagged, but their sting still
took several moments to take effect.  Mapping the complex was trivial
with my full swarm being brought to bear and I managed to locate both of
his emergency hatches which I set silk weavers upon to make sure he
couldn’t get away. 

Even if we failed, New Wave had no doubt informed the Protectorate. 
Coil was finished.  I walked confidently, but my nerves were abuzz as
was my swarm outside the base.  I knew I was letting my mind run in
circles, which wasn’t helping said nerves calm the fuck down like they
needed to. 

We were guided straight to the room Amy was being held in, and Coil was
on his way down to meet us.  We were left waiting until the snake
himself arrived, and it was the real Coil, I could feel the parasites
squirming within him. 

“Tattletale, Skitter.” He greeted us.  “I am glad to see you well after
the attack.” 

I extended my hand.  “A pleasure to meet you in person, Coil.” 

He regarded my hand for a moment.  “I must apologize, but I’m afraid I
won’t be shaking your hand at the moment.  A striker I recently acquired
has made physical contact a risky proposition at the moment.” 

Time to play it up.  “You acquired Panacea then?” 

Ah, that moment of blanket confusion when someone goes off script is
always enjoyable. 

“I have.  I expected that revelation to go over poorly.” 

I made a show of shaking my head.  “Not at all.  Our contact with the
adopted Dallon gave you an opportunity to learn more about her.” 

“I had a hunch you would be acquiring her within the month, but this is
ahead of even my best estimate.” Lisa added. 

“Indeed.” He said dryly.  “My attempts to make Panacea compliant have
proven to be less than fruitful.  Thankfully none of those attempts were
permanent as she has been underselling herself rather greatly.” 

“I had an inkling.” I admitted.  “There’s no such thing as just a
healing power after all.” 

I could feel his eyes on me.  He was about to make a play.  Coil’s head
had tilted at my admission, studying me with what felt like a critical
eye.  What he missed was Lisa discreetly sending a text off.  

“You’re well read, Skitter.” He finally said.  “I have acquired Ms.
Dallon to see if she would be able to help Ms. Meinhart, if so, we could
bring the Travelers in and accelerate my plans for the city.” 

A lie, but a clever one.  He knew my objections to bringing a potential
S Class threat into the city, and had even run a scenario where she was
turned loose in Boston; he immediately canceled his negotiations with
Accord after that. 

I nodded.  “Smart thinking, I was going to suggest something similar
once she was more inclined to trust us and more under control of herself.” 

Coil made a noise deep in his throat, not quite clearing it.  The
parasites were fully grown, and were clearly causing him discomfort. 
“I’m going to split the timeline, let you go talk to her in one, hold
you back in the other.”

“Agreed.” I said, waiting a moment.  “On your signal.” 

If he told me to stay, I would wait exactly sixty seconds then end him,
if I went in, I would do the same.  He died here and now. 

“Proceed.” 

The door opened with a hiss and Amy was glaring at me as I walked up to
her, my swarm swirling around me, but none landing on her.  Once I was
beside the chair she was strapped to I reached up and removed my mask
carefully.  My own face was blanked of emotion as I fed everything into
the swarm. 

“Taylor!?    What the hell is this?”

“Oh Amy, this was always the plan.” I said with a smirk.    “Do try to
keep up.” 

I hated having to play this game, and despite warning her that it was
coming, I knew a part of her would be wondering if we truly had
manipulated her up to this point.    We hadn’t known each other long
enough for that trust to be set in stone. 

“You fucking bitch!    I swear, when I get my hands on you I’ll turn you
inside out!” 

I chuckled mechanically, fifteen more seconds to go.  “You have to get
out first.” 

I almost missed it, Coil’s hand was moving, the glint of metal of his
handgun, my firefly more focused on my performance than she was on him
for that one instant.  I didn’t hesitate as the parasite I had buried
within Coil’s chest sprung into motion with a simple order.

Rip and Tear. 

The gun discharged, striking one of the mercs instead.  Lisa jerked away
as the rest of the mercs raised their own weapons and more gunfire
followed.  Three mercs went down in the exchange and I felt the impact
on my armor as it shattered, but I managed to stay on my feet.  My eyes
however were glued to Lisa, who had a growing pool of crimson forming
beneath her. 

“No…” I muttered, moving mechanically to her side.  “No no no.” 

Not my firefly.

Chapter End Notes

    I'm just going to go hide in my bunker until tomorrow...


    Chapter 49

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes49>

The world constricted around me as I pulled Lisa up and into my lap, my
hand went to her neck, trying to stem the flow of blood.  My mind was
racing, searching for possibilities.  I set my spiders to spinning
webbing to seal her wound, but it would only buy us seconds at most.  I
could see where her costume had stopped several other rounds from
piercing her, but one grazed her neck.  She was losing so much blood and
there wasn’t anything I could do.

He planned to kill her, this was his attempt at it.  He was probably
riding it out only to watch her die while he kept the safe version,
which I would be killing him right about now anyway.  

Stupid.  I’d jumped the gun, acted on impulse and Lisa was going to die
for it.  His convulsions stopped for a moment as I paused the parasite’s
relentless destruction within.  A beat of silence, then a gurgling
chuckle escaped.  

“Panacea was shot in the other one.” He said with some viciousness. 
“Kill me here and Ms. Dallon dies for good.” 

“You’re forcing me to choose.” I said through grit teeth.  He could have
been lying, but could I afford to take that risk?  “The world needs Amy,
especially with the Endbringer attacking.  You want me to sacrifice Lisa
to save her.”

“Ever perceptive.”  More coughing.  “You win, Skitter.  I hope it was
worth the cost.” 

“Hey dumbasses!” A girl yelled, my mind in a fog, I turned and saw Amy
still strapped to the chair.  “Healer right here, untie me so I can save
the know it all bitch already!” 

“And Coil collapses this side of the coin as soon as I do.” I spat. 

His voice grated on my every nerve.  “Yes, or just kill me now and spare
your counterpart the choice.  What will it be, Ms. Hebert?” 

“Tay…” Lisa rasped out, and I felt my heart shatter at how weak she
sounded.  A wet cough and a gob of blood came up with it.  The two
surviving mercs moved to tend to her, and I didn’t make an effort to
stop them, but I could see how much blood she was losing, she didn’t
have much time.  Shimmering eyes looked up at me.  “End…  Him…” 

“I…  I can’t!” Tears were freely flowing down my cheeks behind the mask
now.  “I can’t lose you.” 

She smiled weakly at me, blood dripping down her chin.  “You won’t.” 

Lisa’s eyes glazed over and her breath wheezed out.  

She didn’t take another. 

No… 

Please… 

Not my firefly… 

“I never tire of watching the life leave her eyes.” Coil said, his voice
dripping with satisfaction.

I felt fury threaten to overwhelm me, and for once, I wanted to let it
all out.  Let it all descend upon the man that had taken her from me. 
He wanted this final act of spite, I would let him suffer for it, let my
bugs peel the flesh from his still living bones. 

“That’s cold.” Imp said, twirling a bloodied knife in her hand, with her
other arm draped over Coil’s shoulder.  “You forgot all about me.” 

I barely had a moment to blink before Amy had a hand on Coil, I hadn’t
even seen her move, let alone remove enough of his costume to get skin
contact.  Imp, of course, she’d cut him wide open, it had to be her
doing.  Coil convulsed once and slumped. 

“Amy!” I yelled. 

“Had to break his power first.” She answered, scrambling back to her
feet and to Lisa.  “Shit, she’s lost a lot of blood.” 

“Stating the obvious here.” I said through grit teeth.  “She isn’t
breathing and I can’t find a pulse.” 

Amy placed a hand on Lisa’s face and her eyes drifted off, unfocused as
she remained frustratingly silent.  I could feel my tension rising by
the second that Lisa still hadn’t taken a breath.  Was she trying to
figure out how to break it to me that we hadn’t been fast enough?  Had I
lost the light of my life so soon after finding her? 

Amy glanced around at the roiling swarm, then back to my mask, her face
paled and I felt my heart drop into my stomach. 

“Relax!  She was only mostly dead.  I’ll have to cannibalize her biomass
to stabilize her, but she’ll be fine.” Amy said, even as Lisa’s left arm
shriveled up within her costume sleeve.  At my concerned look Amy rolled
her eyes.  “Relax, I can grow it back later.” 

“Damn that’s creepy.” Imp said.  “So, what about this fucker?  Can I
shank him now?” 

Lisa gasped, coughing up flecks of blood.  I finally let out the breath
I had been holding, she was alive, she was still here.  I hadn’t lost
her.  Amy had made sure of it.

That girl was getting a gift basket. 

“No.” I said, letting all my emotions come back from the swarm, it came
out as a growl.  “He’s mine.” 

I stalked closer to the bastard as Imp stepped away.  I leaned down and
gripped the top of his head, letting the claws on my gloves dig into his
scalp.  Choking gasps were the best he could manage as I ripped his mask
off, looking deep into the man’s eyes from behind my own yellow lenses. 
I glanced away from Calvert’s convulsing form, looking at my
girlfriend’s grim expression.  She nodded so subtly only my bugs could
tell.  

“You aimed for my heart, you bastard.  That’s why I’m ripping your’s to
shreds.  Goodbye, Coil.” 

The parasite burst free from his chest cavity, its secondary mouth
snarling with the offending organ wrapped within its tail.  The
chestburster then proceeded to tear into his throat, spilling blood
across the floor.  

It was brutal.  It was messy. 

It was too good for him.

Chapter End Notes

    Okay, you can put the pitchforks down now!


    Chapter 50

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes50>

“That’s the last of it.” Lisa said, hitting a key on Coil’s keyboard. 
“I’ve officially taken over all his shit.” 

“So, we’re the proud owners of an ostentatious Bond lair?” I asked. 

“It isn’t ostentatious if we stole it fair and square!” She answered
smugly. 

I held her tighter against me, it was a bit uncomfortable having her in
my lap, even with Coil’s absurdly luxurious chair.  She only had one arm
at the moment since Amy had to be rushed to the PRT building along with
the now rescued Dinah.  Bitch had handled that along with Grue and Imp. 
That was over an hour ago.  Bitch and Grue had caught the teleport with
Amy, offering to help with search and rescue in the aftermath.  Imp
hadn’t been allowed to go with them, but given I could remember her, she
probably had.  

Amy had arrived mere minutes after Leviathan was repelled by Eidolon,
but much of Florida was eroded under the waves.  Brian was texting us
some updates, but what he was hearing was sporadic at best.  Vicky had
ended up catching the teleport rather than looking for Amy.  From what I
understand, Amy wasn’t too happy about that.  Beyond that bit of drama,
we had little idea who had and hadn’t made it locally just yet.  

It was a disaster down there, and if my firefly hadn’t been on death’s
door earlier I would have likely joined them.  I couldn’t bring myself
to leave her right now, I needed to hold her and know that she was
alright, that I hadn’t lost her. 

“It’s really over.” I whispered.  

Lisa chuckled, snuggling up against me.  “Yeah, ding dong, the dick is
dead.” 

I couldn’t help but snort.  “I’m not sure which is worse, that Amy made
a chest burster, or that she trusted me to be able to control them…” 

Lisa let out a single bark of a laugh.  “Tay, you literally have the
thing acting like a house cat.” She gestured at the adorable abomination
against nature currently curled up in the chair across the desk.  I had
it perk up and give a quick shake before it spun around and went back to
napping.  “See what I mean!” 

“It’s cute.” I protested.  “Even Amy agreed!” 

“No, she was scared shitless of using her power to kill something she
created.  She’s a bundle of issues about her rules, rules she’s been
breaking just to help us.  She felt that playing god like that was a
line too far to cross.” 

Her creation would basically fall into hibernation without my control,
it had no survival instincts that it could act on and would never
reproduce.  Still, it was alive, and dammit if I wasn’t going to gift it
to my firefly as the most adorable little reminder of that bastard’s
death. 

“Please tell me you aren’t…” Lisa trailed off, her eyes growing wide. 
“Of course you’re going to keep it, why wouldn’t you keep it?” 

The creature perked back up and leapt onto Lisa’s lap and I could tell
she had to suppress a dozen different instincts ingrained from copious
amounts of horror movies as it landed in her lap and curled up.  A soft
trilling sound emanated from deep within our new pet and my bugs could
see Lisa’s eye twitching.

She knew she was losing this argument. 

I hummed in contentment as Lisa instead elected to snuggle into the
crook of my neck.  “Just give it up, Lise, I can see Sylvester’s growing
on you.” 

“We are NOT calling the sin against god, Sylvester!” Lisa whined, her
hand digging into the silk of my costume.  Instead, I just pulled her
back into a snuggle and enjoyed the warmth of the moment.  “I’m serious
Tay, we are naming it something appropriate if you’re insisting we keep
the damn thing.” 

“Whatever you say, Lise.” 

She huffed, and launched herself into an animated rant of all sorts of
appropriate names.  I just smiled at my girlfriend’s antics, happy to
share the moment with her.  Whatever the future held, no matter what the
world threw at us, we would rise to meet it. 

Together.

Chapter End Notes

    Whew, and that marks the end of the main story. Tomorrow, the
    epilogue will wrap it all up with a ten year timeskip! See you there
    for the finale of A Fistful of Cicadas!


    Chapter 51

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Summary

    10 years later...

Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes <#endnotes51>

My feet hammered upon the treadmill as I watched the sun rise to paint
the sky, shining its light upon our living room.  It wasn’t really
practical for me to go out for a run along the boardwalk anymore, not
since the last ambush at least. 

Fucking Paparazzi. 

Seriously, marry one of the city’s most wealthy heiresses and suddenly
you’re a celebrity yourself.  It hadn’t been as bad when we were dating,
her wealth didn’t become public until she turned eighteen and we managed
to keep things discreet for another year after that until some asshole
caught us kissing on camera and it made the evening news. 

Stan Vickery got the Tattletale special for that.  

Hope he enjoyed his affair going public, the prick.  We even made sure
his ex-wife had the best attorney money could buy.  Do not invoke the
wrath of Tattletale.

A treadmill had replaced my morning runs ever since, and even with the
balcony door open, it just wasn’t the same as jogging along the
boardwalk.  I still went out on occasion, simple sweats did wonders to
conceal my identity, especially since Lisa insisted I looked amazing in
a fitted suit and had me wear one for all public appearances. 

The one time I had worn a silk dress to a charity ball, which was really
weird to attend as a guest instead of partycrasher that first time, I’d
had so many ‘admirers’ that I thought I was going to have to pull my
hidden baton and show them why I had earned my reputation. 

Thankfully Lisa was there for me, like she always was. 

The past ten years had truly flown by.

“Honey, your tea’s ready.” 

I smiled and let myself slide off the treadmill as it slowed to a stop. 
Six miles wasn’t too shabby for a morning jog.  

“Thanks Lise.” I said, toweling the sweat off my face.  “Be there in a
sec.” 

I felt arms snake around my torso, my cup of tea held within easy
reach.  I couldn’t help but pull her hand up to my lips, planting a
gentle kiss on it before claiming the heavenly blend that had been a
chance discovery years ago.  Earl Grey could go suck it as Aisha had
said when she last sampled it. 

She and Alec would be coming by before the party, one of his siblings
needed a couple of documents shored up so they could attend college.  It
had been a surprise when the pair returned from a road trip and proudly
proclaimed that they had found half a dozen kids while on a casual
stroll in Toronto.  What hadn’t been a surprise after that news was
learning Heartbreaker had been killed and someone anonymously claimed
the bounty on his head. 

We were both looking out the window, Brockton Bay on full display.  The
city had prospered, with the cleaning of the Boat Graveyard and the
reopening of shipping lanes saw a spike in trade passing through,
especially after Boston had to be quarantined in the aftermath of the
Echidna incident.  Most of the Travelers died at Miami, and Noelle
didn’t take it well.  She tore her way up the east coast in a running
battle before arriving at Boston and taking out Accord.  Devoid of an
objective, she rampaged instead.  Eidolon ended her, but it did
something that made the city uninhabitable, preventing a wider disaster
but effectively destroyed the city all the same. 

I had never been so thankful that Coil had listened to me on that one. 
If Noelle had gotten loose after we killed the bastard, it could have
been a really bad day. 

“You think too loud.” Lisa whispered. 

I spun in her embrace, bringing us nose to nose.  “I’m an open book for
you, my firefly.”

Lisa grinned and pulled me into a searing kiss.

“In other news, today marks the eighth anniversary of the Golden Dawn. 
Scion, under the manipulations of the Slaughterhouse Nine, attempted to
decimate Houston.  It was only thanks to the heroic actions of the
Triumvirate, and the noble sacrifice made by Eidolon, that disaster was
averted.” 

“Still can’t believe people bought that cover story.” Lisa muttered at
the screen. 

The surface of it was true, but it took a concentrated effort to contain
Scion’s rampage, never mind that Eidolon wasn’t a willing sacrifice. 
Scion literally ripped his power out of him when The Fairy Queen arrived
and the pair vanished.  Ever since then the Endbringers had gone silent
and the world was slowly recovering. 

Lisa had spent weeks puzzling out what had transpired that day, but it
painted a grim picture.  She was reasonably certain Scion had ended
himself and Glastig took his place, but she couldn’t figure out why she
was so certain of that or even what it meant exactly.

Since then, the Protectorate had shifted their policies and had begun
extensive mopup work of S-Class threats.  Amy had been involved with the
Nilbog extermination and I had been called on a few years back to help
deal with another insect based cape that could mutate any insect they
touched, but lacked any form of control.  I would have recruited them if
they hadn’t been so forgone from their own trigger.  Half of Chicago was
wiped out by their mutant ants before I arrived.  

Thank god my control had extended to them. 

Our operations were tacitly ignored following that incident, and we were
able to expand through the entire East Coast.  The Undersiders were a
multi billion dollar operation now, and had our hands in almost
everything worth dealing in.  We still carried out the occasional
robbery for old time’s sake, but it was a decidedly less exciting
occupation compared to those early days. 

“Mom!” A child yelled as the front door opened.  “We’re home!” 

A blonde blur bolted into the room and wrapped herself around my leg.  I
was laughing as I reached down and picked her up, settling her on my arm. 

“Hello Rosa.  Did you have fun at Grandpa’s?” 

She nodded enthusiastically.  “I did!  He let us eat ice cream for
breakfast!” 

I paused, my smile shifting from genuine to sickly sweet as I turned
back towards the door where my dad was standing, looking sheepish.  “Did
he now?” 

“Uh huh!  I had strawberry with whipped cream!” 

I turned to the brunette that Lisa was fussing over.  “What about you,
Anne?” 

She blushed, moving a bit behind her mother, her voice timid. 
“Chocolate with syrup and sprinkles.” 

“And what did grandpa eat?” 

“Rocky road!” Both girls answered in unison.

“Quite the little tattletales you’ve raised.” Dad said, chuckling
sheepishly as he rubbed his neck. 

“Really, a dad joke?” Lisa deadpanned. 

“Why don’t you two skitter on and get cleaned up, we have company coming
over soon.” I said, setting Rosa back down.

“Aww, do we have to?” Rosa complained. 

“Don’t make me sic Sylvester on you.” I warned them. 

The creature Amy had created all those years ago perked up, glancing
towards our girls.  It chittered, clacking its jaws in anticipation. 
They shrieked and Sylvester lunged for them, laughter followed as
Sylvester chased them towards their room. 

“I don’t know how you do it.” Dad said, looking off after the retreating
girls.  “I feel sorry for anyone that tries to scare them in school.” 

“At least Sylvester is too big for them to try and sneak him into school
with them.” Lisa said, shaking her head.  “Could you imagine that phone
call?” 

I hummed.  “Sleeping Xenomorph discovered in Bay-view kindergarten. 
Local Protectorate gives scritches instead of laser blasts.” 

“Denise would.” Lisa said with a shake of her head.  “She’ll be here
with Amy later.”

“Bet you she falls out of her chair laughing then begs you to let that
happen.” I added, gesturing towards the breakfast table.  “Come on, I’ll
make us some omelets since the kids have already eaten.” 

Dad frowned.  “You’re counting me with the kids, aren’t you?” 

I grinned.  “Get this man a Thinker rating!” 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

“Crystal!  Brian!  I’m glad you two could make it!” I said, hugging each
of them before gesturing the pair inside.  “Help yourselves to any of
the refreshments, Amy’s offered to help sober anyone up that goes
overboard.” 

Brian laughed.  “Good to see you Taylor, how’s the kids?” 

“A handful.  Their Grandfather is being punished after feeding them ice
cream for breakfast.” 

Crystal’s eyes widened in horror.  “Christ.  Wait, isn’t he watching all
of our kids?” 

“He is indeed.” Lisa said.  “A fitting punishment for the villain,
wouldn’t you say?” 

Brian paled.  “Please tell me we aren’t getting our kids back with
enough sugar in their systems to earn them a mover rating.” 

“He’s watching them with Mom and Dad, you tell me.” Crystal deadpanned. 

“We’re doomed.” He muttered.  Lisa passed him a shot of whiskey which he
downed on the spot.  “Don’t suppose Amy’s offering that same service for
the kids and their sugar levels?” 

“Nope, that one she’s charging for.” Lisa added with an evil grin. 

“You’re a horrible influence, you know that?” Crystal said with a fond
smile and a shake of her head. 

“Says the girl that seduced Brian into New Wave.” I countered, trying
and failing to not laugh at the memory.  Carol had a literal heart
attack over it when he unmasked and announced he wanted to join up.  “I
seem to recall Amy having to heal your aunt after you broke the news.” 

“It didn’t help that she was still pissed over Vicky quitting to join
the Protectorate with Dean.” Amy said, joining us.  “Or that she went
back to having a secret identity and rebranded all so they could elope
right out of high school.” 

“Gotta admit, Antares is a way cooler name than Glory Girl.” Lisa said. 
“It’s a shame she couldn’t get away for a few days to join us.” 

“That might be our fault, in a roundabout way.” I said, sipping my
wine.  “We did evict the Elite from the east coast recently, I imagine
they’re still pissed about that.” 

“I wouldn’t worry too much.” Denise said with a chuckle, sliding an arm
around Amy and planting a kiss on her girlfriend’s cheek.  “Vicky’s been
having a blast out there.”

“More importantly, when’s the wedding?” Lisa asked. 

Denise turned crimson as she nearly choked on her drink.  She doubled
over as she coughed and sputtered in a futile attempt to recover from
the burn of alcohol shooting out her nose.  

Amy sighed, taking her girlfriend’s hand and a moment later Denise was
right as rain. “Please don’t try and kill my girlfriend, do you have any
idea how hard it was to housebreak her?” 

“Hey!  You try relearning how to pee!  It wasn’t easy.” 

We all shared a laugh at that.  Denise had let it slip a while back that
her first night at Amy’s clinic after her procedure she had ‘forgotten’
she couldn’t stand for the toilet anymore.  Amy still wasn’t letting her
live it down, especially after they started dating.  

“Lesson learned, my website now warns against pulling a ‘Timesnatch’.”
Amy said, knocking back another shot of whiskey. 

“It was four A.M. and I had to pee the night after you swapped my bits
out!” She whined, a bright blush across her freckled face.  “Cut a girl
some slack, I’m begging you.” 

“Depends.” Aisha said, appearing out of nowhere. 

Those not accustomed to her antics jumped in surprise, which by this
point was just Denise and Crystal.

“Depends on what?” Denise asked slowly, wary of the trap she couldn’t
see but had just walked face first into. 

“I hear they help with that.” She finished with a grin. 

Denise sputtered as her girlfriend groaned at the joke.  Amy then
slapped Aisha upside her head. 

“No teasing my girlfriend.” She said firmly.  “That’s my job.” 

Crystal rolled her eyes.  “Alec, get your girl under control before Amy
gets creative.”

Alec snorted, then gestured towards the leather choker he was wearing. 
“A pet does not control one’s Mistress.  She leads and I obey.”

“I did not need to know that.” Amy muttered.  “Just for that, I’m
leaving you with a hangover tonight.” 

Aisha shook her pout off quickly, replacing it with a grin.  “Is Rachel
going to make it?” 

Lisa shook her head, a wistful smile on her face.  “Unfortunately not,
she’s stuck at the sanctuary.  The wolf pack just had several litters of
pups born within a week of each other.  She’s busy with that and I
didn’t want to guilt her into leaving them.” 

“Aww, I hope we get pictures and videos again!” Denise said, her eyes
sparkling.  “Last year’s litter was just so adorable.” 

“You know we will.” I said excitedly.  

Wolf Sanctuary remained one of the most popular channels on CapeView and
Cassie would ensure their page was swamped in fresh wolf pups within
days.  I’d have to remember to donate some deer legs once the pups got a
bit older. 

“So, why are you throwing this little shindig?” Aisha asked, having
claimed a bottle of the most expensive Champagne we had, because of
course she did.  “You getting Amy to knock you up again?” 

Denise was once again rendered speechless, but was thankfully not mid-
drink this time. 

“No no, nothing like that.” I said, waving off her teasing.  “We aren’t
planning on more kids anytime soon.” 

Amy was making a small fortune by offering LGBT couples the chance to
have their own biological children.  Granted, it was a more involved
process for male couples, but she had her workarounds figured out,
though most men balked at the implications.  We got Rosa and Anne out of
it, and with Amy as our tending physician, it was an extraordinarily
easy pregnancy and recovery.  Something we were both immensely grateful
for. 

We could have done without Amy’s jokes about kids being parasites that
we shit out our sex holes however…  That girl had one hell of a twisted
sense of humor about medical shit. 

Lisa grinned over the rim of her glass, a mischievous twinkle in her
eye.  “What about you Aisha?  Planning on having a demon spawn with Alec
anytime soon?” 

Before Aisha could answer, Amy grabbed her hand.  “Shit, and here I
wanted to make a joke...  Congrats, it’s twins.” 

The whole room fell silent at the sudden, deadpan declaration from our
resident biokinetic.  

“I’m gonna be a dad?” Alec whispered. 

“Yep, she’s about three weeks along.” Amy answered. 

Alec quietly reached out and snatched the bottle from his girlfriend and
downed half of it in one go. 

“Well then.” He drawled, having drawn the attention of the room.  “Oh
don’t look at me like that, at least I know what NOT to do when raising
kids.” 

Lisa held up a finger, then paused.  “Fair point, but don’t disparage
yourself.” 

“Besides.” I added.  “We’ll all be there to support you both.” 

Brian moved over to him and gently punched his shoulder.  “That’s for
knocking up my sister.” Alec looked puzzled, then Brian pulled him into
a hug.  “You’ll make a great father, I’m sure of it.” He turned towards
the still blue-screened Aisha and gestured her over.  “Come on, you get
a hug too.” 

“Fuck, I don’t want to go through this alone.” Aisha muttered.  “Amy,
quick, knock up Denise!  I need someone to share my suffering!” 

A round of laughter ensued as everyone took that as a signal to move in
and congratulate the couple.  Alec for once was actually bashful, though
that might have been the alcohol and Aisha continued to beg Denise to
join in on the ‘fun’.

“Well, this wasn’t how I envisioned the party going.” Lisa said softly,
wrapping an arm around my waist as the party settled back into motion,
though with the atmosphere subtly shifted from the surprise news.

I smiled and leaned into her embrace.

“No, but I wouldn’t have it any other way.”

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Anne snored softly in my lap, the movie having long since faded into
background noise.  Lisa’s head rested on my shoulder while Rosa’s own
head was comfortably upon her thigh.  Lisa and I sat there in a
comfortable haze of familial warmth ever on the edge of Morpheus’ embrace. 

It still amazed me each and every day that we had this, that I had so
much love in my life and I wouldn’t trade it for the world.  

“You got that right.” Lisa muttered, half asleep.

Much as I wanted to stay like this, I knew we would suffer for it in the
morning and the last thing I wanted to do was call in a favor with Amy
the night after the party because we had slept on the couch instead of
our beds. 

“Come on Lise, let’s put the rugrats to bed.” I whispered. 

“Five more minutes.” Lisa murmured.  

I chuckled.  “You said that the last two ‘five more minutes’ ago.  Come
on babe, it’s bedtime.” 

She groaned, but finally stirred, lifting up Rosa in her arms while I
claimed Anne.  Our daughters simply snuggled up closer in our arms.  The
warm flutter within my chest that stirred didn’t abate even as we set
both of them in their beds, which they kept pushed together so they
could share Sylvester. 

Said Xenomorph quickly claimed the middle and we set both girls on their
respective sides and pulled their blankets over them.  Within moments
they were wrapped around the cooing creature. 

“Tay, you’re a terrible influence on us all.” Lisa said with a soft, yet
teasing tone. 

I nudged her shoulder.  “And why is that, my firefly?” 

She snorted, her head coming back to my shoulder as we watched our girls
sleep.  “I shouldn’t find the sight of our daughters snuggling with a
creature from one of the darkest horror films to be endearing, let alone
adorable.  So yes, you’re a terrible influence.” 

I spun Lisa to face me and pulled her into a hug, our noses just barely
brushing against each other.  “I learned from the best.” 

She smiled and lifted up on her toes to plant a chaste kiss on my lips. 
“Oh yes, one look at my winning smile and your heroic aspirations all
vanished.” 

“Don’t forget that amazing ass.” I said with a grin. 

She glanced back at the kids, then turned back on me, there was no
question what was on her mind.  She retreated back towards our bedroom,
barely giving my hand a tug as she did before I moved in pursuit.  We
were both laughing as she stumbled onto the bed and I jumped on top of
her, my fingers finding her most ticklish spots. 

“I yield!” She shouted breathlessly as she squirmed under my assault. 

I looked down into her bottle green eyes, pure contentment filling me. 
Whatever it had taken to get here, whatever trials we would have to
endure in the future, I would rise to meet them.  Because this?

It was all worth it. 

 

/*~Fin~* /

Chapter End Notes

    Author’s Notes:

    Holy hell, I finished a thing! When I started this project, it was
    initially just a fun one off idea I had that grew into a daily
    writing challenge for NaNoWriMo. I didn’t really have a plan and was
    just going from scene to scene with whatever my mind supplied. When
    I had a traumatic incident happen at work, I didn’t realize how much
    it had impacted me until it bled over into the writing of this story.

    I stepped away from Fistful and attempted to work on those issues,
    which happened to coincide with seeing First’s Butcher snippet doc.
    That evolved swiftly into Inheritance and proved to be the perfect
    outlet for those issues and really helped clear my head.

    From there, I focused on Inheritance, but had the full intention to
    return to Fistful once I had a clearer plan. A while back, I went
    through the story, adjusted some of the darker elements that crept
    in, and typed up my remaining hand written stuff and made a serious
    attempt at working out a path forward for the project. I’m not
    completely happy with everything, but I am happy with the conclusion
    reached.

    My focus will remain on Inheritance, but I do plan to try and get
    some Spirit Detective Taylor stuff written in the near future. I
    have every intention of sticking to my plan of getting both Arc 5
    and Arc 6 completed before I upload them. They’re a bit of a
    continuous ride and I don’t want to hit writer’s block and drop the
    story for an extended period again, not in the middle of an arc.

    There is also Echoes of Light, which has 3 chapters in my snippet
    thread over on SB currently. A Final Fantasy XIV x Worm crossover
    set after the events of Endwalker featuring a grizzled Warrior of
    Light Taylor returning home after a long journey. Look forward to
    that becoming a proper fic in the future. ;)

    So here we are, the story is complete and I’m overall happy with how
    it turned out. Who knows, I may return with a snippet or two from
    our favorite girl’s lives if the muse strikes me.

    Take care everyone, and thank you for all the support everyone has
    shown this story!

    Join the discussion in discord!
    https://discord.gg/gaylor


    Chapter 52

Chapter by Pendragoon <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Pendragoon/
pseuds/Pendragoon>

Chapter Notes

    Surprise?

See the end of the chapter for more notes <#endnotes52>

Anne crept around the corner, rifle at the ready as she swept the room
for her target.  Not finding him, she let out a small breath and
signaled for Rosa who moved up alongside her, pistol in hand.  Her
sister tapped her shoulder just as they had been taught and moved on
while Anne provided cover. 

Rosa stopped in the doorway of their bathroom, arm up and signed for
Anne to move.  She did so, moving quick and low and swept the room only
to pause.  There in the tub was their target, lazily sleeping in the
warm waters of a bath.  The dark skin of the abomination stood in
contrast with the white bathtub, a secondary mouth moving slowly as the
creature practically purred. 

“We shouldn’t do this,” Rosa whispered. 

Anne huffed and raised her rifle.  “Sometimes, in situations like this,
I ask myself.” 

Rosa looked over her shoulder, a flash of concern on her face.  “Ask what?” 

A grin came to her face.  “What would our moms do?” 

The rifle discharged, the projectile launching across the room and
struck the creature square in her head.  Anne let out a whoop in
celebration only for the creature to shriek and thrash in the water,
then silence fell. 

“Did we get him?” Rosa asked. 

“Don’t be silly,” Anne answered, reloading her rifle.  “You saw the
movie, it takes more than that to stop one of them.” 

Rosa grabbed her sister by the shoulder and got right up in her face. 
“Yeah, I saw the movie, and this is the part where we should run.” 

Music swelled from the living room TV as if to punctuate the point and
both girls slowly turned to face the tub where the xenomorph they were
hunting slowly rose from the water, suction dart still stuck to his
face.  Sylvester stood to his full height of five feet, towering over
the girls as he took a single step onto the edge of the tub. 

“Now can we run?” Rosa whispered. 

Anne nodded quickly and fired her second dart.  It struck Sylvester in
the knee as he screeched and the two girls tucked tail and ran. 
Sylvester scrambled up the wall, pursuing them along the ceiling as the
girls screamed. 

“Are they okay?” Lisa asked, drawing my attention as she looked off
towards the stairs with concern writ upon her face.

I leaned down and kissed her forehead.  “They’re just playing with
Sylvester.” 

Another shriek sounded as Sylvester managed to cross above them and drop
down, barring their path.  More darts launched, sticking to his carapace
with ease as the girls doubled back down the hall.

“I told you letting them watch Alien was a bad idea,” Lisa grumbled. 

I snorted.  “You knew they were going to demand to watch it as soon as
they yelled out ‘This movie has Sylvester in it!’  I didn’t even need
your power to know that, Lise.” 

A soft sigh of resignation escaped my wife’s lips.  “We’re just lucky
Denise, Alec or heaven forbid, Aisha never introduced it to them while
babysitting.” 

“They probably did, for all we know,” I grumbled.  “This should get it
out of their system at least.” 

Sylvester lunged, jumping over the girls as they fell and he disappeared
into their bedroom.  The huffing sisters held each other tight, waiting
for the moment Sylvester came out, a moment that they began to dread
wasn’t coming.  Swallowing hard, Anne stood, loading her last dart as
she did. 

The light in the room had been left on when they began their hunt, but
now the room sat in darkness.  The bug I had over Anne’s heart could
feel it thundering in her chest as she tried and failed to see into the
inky black of her own bedroom.  Slowly, she reached up and hit the
switch, illuminating the room. 

She almost wished she hadn’t as Sylvester stood by the foot of her bed,
and in his hands was the biggest nerf gun she had ever seen.  A belt of
darts hung from the side as it began to spool up and the Xenomorph took
one step forward. 

“Rip,” the entire room buzzed. 

“And tear,” I whispered under my breath in time with the first dart
leaving the barrel of the minigun.  Poor Anne screamed, dropping her gun
as she ran, Sylvester following behind as Rosa saw the doom that had
come for them. 

Then Lisa smacked my shoulder. 

“I swear to god Tay,” Lisa said in exasperation, “if our daughters
trigger because you scared them with their cuddly alien monster, you and
I will have words.” 

Another scream echoed as both girls came rumbling down the stairs and
ran right into our waiting arms.  Moments later, Sylvester joined us. 

“Mommy, get him!” Rosa yelled. 

“Show him who’s boss Mom!” Anne echoed. 

As much as I wanted to go full Skitter just to hear my girls cheer for
me, I knew Lisa wouldn’t approve, so I took a different approach. 

“Now Sylvester,” I began in my best motherly tone, fighting the pangs I
felt when I thought of my own mom taking that tone with me and Emma so
many years ago.  “What do you have to say for yourself?” 

The Xenomorph hissed, and hung his head. 

“They started it, did they?” Lisa said, glancing down at the girls.  “Is
this true?” 

Both girls were suspiciously quiet for several moments before Rosa spoke
up.  “We were just playing.” 

I hummed.  “And how would you feel if someone just shot you while you
were in the bath?” 

“I wouldn’t like it,” she mumbled. 

I turned to my other daughter who was still clinging to Lisa.  “Anne?” 

“We’re sorry,” she said softly. 

I nodded and set Rosa on her feet even as Lisa did the same with Anne. 
“Good girls, now go get changed, Aisha’s baby shower is in an hour and
we don’t want to be late.” 

“Yes Mom!” they echoed, snickering as they ran back up the stairs. 

Lisa watched them scamper off, a soft smile on her lips.  “I’m not sure
who will be a worse influence on who, them or their eventual niece and
nephew.” 

“Way to spoil the gender reveal,” I said with a huff.  “Now come on and
get your cute ass upstairs, we need to get ready too.” 

“Yes ma’am,” Lisa said, snapping off a salute. 

“I still have bees, Lise,” I teased as one landed on my finger. 

Lisa chuckled, sauntering off in a way that she knew I couldn’t ignore. 

“Whatever you say, mistress.  We both know they’re just as soft and
fuzzy as you are inside.” 

“You are so getting it tonight,” I said as I finally followed along. 

“Just remember to beehave at the party,” Lisa said. 

I snorted.  “Telling me to behave at a party that includes Aisha and
Alec, that’s rich.” 

“At least we aren’t crashing another party the heroes are throwing,”
Lisa countered. 

I groaned.  “Come on Lise, we were drunk.” 

“I still have the video,” my wife threatened, waving her phone from the
top floor. 

I chased up the stairs after her.  “That threat lost its edge when you
uploaded it to PHO three years ago, try again.” 

“Shit,” she muttered as I closed the distance.  “Plan B then!” 

My eyes went wide as she fell forward, forcing me to brace myself on the
stairs and catch her.  Without Amy’s upgrades, we would have gone
tumbling down together.  She remained limp in my arms as I glared down
at her. 

“Drama queen,” I said. 

“Nah, you’re the queen,” she countered before capturing my lips with her
own.  “My queen.” 

Even as my heart fluttered, a twin cry of ‘eww’ echoed from down the
hall.  Lisa and I rolled our eyes and I helped her back to her feet. 
Together we stepped up into the hall and looked our little gremlins over. 

Lisa nodded.  “Good, so who’s ready to go see Aunt Aisha and find out
about your eventual niece and nephew?” 

“I am!” they said in unison. 

“No nerf guns hidden away?” Lisa asked with a measured look. 

Both quickly shook their heads. 

I smiled.  “Then come on, if you both behave, we’ll get ice cream on the
way home!” 

Cheers erupted and both girls scurried down the stairs, running past up
to a curled up Sylvester for some quick scritches goodbye before
hurrying towards the elevator that led to the garage.  Some days they
were a menace, but goddess did I love my family. 

“Ready, Firefly?” 

Lisa pecked me on the cheek.  “Always, my Khepri.”

Chapter End Notes

    Author’s Notes:

    Okay, I saw a comic of a little girl playing hide and seek with a
    Xenomorph that ended with them being all cuddly and couldn’t resist
    giving it a Fistful spin. Have some extra fluff in the form of more
    epilogue content! (Also, Covid sucks, don’t recommend it at all.)

    Shoutout to 'No Goodbyes' by SilviaNorton here on AO3 for tickling
    my muse to return to Fistful for another epilogue scene.


Afterword

Works inspired by this one
    Gold <http://archiveofourown.org/works/60324946> by Alethophobia
    <http://archiveofourown.org/users/Alethophobia/pseuds/Alethophobia> 

Please drop by the Archive and comment <http://archiveofourown.org/
works/35043070/comments/new> to let the creator know if you enjoyed
their work!

